Title: Scholarships | Office of Student Financial Aid
url: https://financialaid.sfsu.edu/scholarships 
Scholarships | Office of Student Financial Aid Skip to main content SAN FRANCISCO STATE UNIVERSITY | Office of Student
navigation Home How Financial Aid Works Expand How Financial Aid Works Submit Documents Online Financial Aid Forms Fall
2024 Financial Aid Disbursement Summer 2024 Financial Aid Process Cost of Attendance Expand Cost of Attendance Net
Price Calculator Types of Financial Aid Expand Types Of Financial Aid Grants Loans Federal Work-Study Scholarships
Policies Expand Eligibility for Applying to Financial Aid Satisfactory Academic Progress (SAP) Withdrawing from the
University Verification Process AB 540 Information Expand AB 540 Information CA Dream Act Dream Act or FAFSA California
Dream Loan Getting Help Other Programs & Resources Expand Other Programs & Resources Americorps Awards Basic Needs
Initiatives College of Professional & Global Education (CPaGE) Pre-Health Post-Bac Program Student Loan Repayment
Teaching Credential Programs Scholarships Searching and applying for scholarships is largely a self-help process. This
page provides information and resources to assist students on how to begin their search for scholarship opportunities.
Typically, the Spring semester is the most best time to begin searching and applying for Scholarships for the next
academic year. Academic Works Academic Works is the main Scholarship database here at SF State. Within it, students
(Current and prospective) will be able to complete the general application and apply for Campus Scholarships online.
After applying, students should be able to view their application statuses for any Scholarships they applied for.
Academic Works Link Academic Works Options Users can find: Search the database of campus and external scholarships
Review scholarships requirements to make sure you qualify before applying Monitor submission of confidential
recommendation letters and send reminder emails to references View scholarship offer/congratulatory letter and accept
awards online Submit thank you letters online and recognize scholarship donors Academic Works Attention Campus
Partners! To any staff or faculty holding these positions on campus: Project Director Administrative Office Coordinator
(AOC) Scholarship Reviewer Campus Partner working with Scholarship listings Please click on the link provided down
below for more information regarding the Scholarship process for staff here at SF State. Scholarship Process For Campus
Partners Link Scholarship Resources Financial Aid and Scholarships All financial aid recipients who are awarded
scholarships are required to report other resources to the financial aid office. Scholarship awards must be coordinated
with the student's financial aid package. Fellowships Office The services provided by the Fellowships Office are
complementary to the scholarship services the Office of Student Financial Aid provides. The Fellowship Advisor provides
assistance in applying for nationally competitive fellowships, as well as system-wide awards offered by CSU. For any
inquiries regarding this program, please refer to the advisor listed down below: Contact Position Link Dr. Joy Viveros
Director Fellowships Office Megumi Fuse, PhD Professor of Biology | Director Student Enrichment Opportunities
Disclaimer: The Office of Student Financial Aid does not assume responsibility for changes in information. See current
scholarship application for the most recent information. The Office of Student Financial Aid does not endorse
scholarship search services that require a fee. Dr. Fuse's Zoom Appointment Link Resources Scholarship Listings Other
Places to Look Frequently Asked Scholarship Questions Frequently Asked AcademicWorks Questions Scholarship101 Spring
2020 Powerpoint Tips Search Tips Avoiding Scams The Essay Letters of Recommendation Thank you Letters Scholarship and
Taxes International Students Applying for Scholarships The Office of Student Financial Aid recognizes the limited
number of scholarships that are specifically for international students attending San Francisco State University. We
recommend that you apply for scholarships that do not specifically state that you must be a United States citizen or
permanent resident. From the scholarship search, you may find scholarships for international students for campus and
external scholarships, where "Citizenship" indicates "Any." We further recommend that you contact your college, school,
and department of your field or major through their Web site at www.sfsu.edu/deptpage/acaddept.htm for possible
scholarship information. For additional information and other possible scholarship opportunities for international
students, please visit the Office of International Program's Web site at https://oip.sfsu.edu or email them at
oip@sfsu.edu. You may also search for scholarships for international students at www.internationalscholarships.com and
at https://www.iefa.org/. After Winning a Scholarship International students who have won a campus scholarship or
external scholarship where the check is sent to SF State must meet with the Tax Specialist in the Internal Audit Office
located in the Administration Building (ADM 358) to determine whether taxes are to be withheld from the scholarship
payment & the income reported to the Internal Revenue Service. The scholarship disbursement will be on hold until you
meet with the tax specialist. This process will take up to 3 weeks. Go to https://fiscaff.sfsu.edu/taxservices to make
an appointment. If you have questions, please contact the tax specialist as listed down below: Celine (Wenshu) Luo Tax
Specialist, CPA Phone: 415-405-7325 Email: wenshu@sfsu.edu Press Release Winners and Donors Give To SF State Donate to
a Scholarship Scholarship Appeals Scholarship Appeals In rare circumstances, appropriate flexibility may be
demonstrated by SF State in making reasonable exceptions to scholarship award decisions in order to facilitate student
success and timely progress to degree. Requests for exception must be submitted in writing to the Vice President for
Student Affairs & Enrollment Management as soon as possible following receipt of the contested decision. An explanation
of the extenuating circumstances why certain criteria or deadlines were not met should be included in the
communication. Appeals should be submitted electronically to vpsaem@sfsu.edu Should you have any questions, please
contact the Office of the Vice President for Student Affairs & Enrollment Management at 415-338-2032. Scholarship
Agreement Agreement Form (Staff Only) Agreement Change Form (Staff Only) Contact Email: finaid@sfsu.eduTelephone: (415)
338-7000 LocationOne Stop - Student Services Building 1600 Holloway AvenueSan Francisco, CA 94132 Office HoursMonday -
Thursday | 9:00 am - 5:00 pmFriday | 10:00 am - 5:00 pm Quick LinksFuture StudentsNews @ SF StateDocument Reader
Accessibility Equity & Community Inclusion Environment & Sustainability Privacy Policy Title IX San Francisco State
University A California State University Campus SF State Facebook SF State Twitter SF State Instagram SF State LinkedIn
 Title: Search Results | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/search?q=scholarship 
 Search Results | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply (Menu Link)
(Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students Parents
Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change
Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's
University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San
Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board
of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create
Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree
Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research
Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate &
Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San
Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of
Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid
Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet
Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate
Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of
Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research
Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching
Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought
& the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms
Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts &
Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment
Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career
Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events Search Search Site Footer University of San Francisco
Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link
is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us
Directory Careers at USF News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps &
Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Visit Give to USF myUSF Consumer Information Privacy Statement Web
 Title: Scholarship Info for Staff | Office of Student Financial Aid
 url: https://financialaid.sfsu.edu/scholarship-info-staff 
 Scholarship Info for Staff | Office of Student Financial Aid Skip to main content SAN FRANCISCO STATE UNIVERSITY |
navigation Menu Main navigation Home How Financial Aid Works Expand How Financial Aid Works Submit Documents Online
Financial Aid Forms Fall 2024 Financial Aid Disbursement Summer 2024 Financial Aid Process Cost of Attendance Expand
Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of Financial Aid Expand Types Of Financial Aid Grants Loans Federal
Work-Study Scholarships Policies Expand Eligibility for Applying to Financial Aid Satisfactory Academic Progress (SAP)
Withdrawing from the University Verification Process AB 540 Information Expand AB 540 Information CA Dream Act Dream
Act or FAFSA California Dream Loan Getting Help Other Programs & Resources Expand Other Programs & Resources Americorps
Awards Basic Needs Initiatives College of Professional & Global Education (CPaGE) Pre-Health Post-Bac Program Student
Loan Repayment Teaching Credential Programs Scholarship Info for Staff The following is a list of tasks and procedures
that a Project Director agrees to complete and comply with when they accept oversight responsibility for a scholarship,
fellowship, award, prize or forgivable loan made to San Francisco State University students. All scholarships must be
given to matriculated and enrolled SF State students. Our office cannot disburse scholarships to students who are not
enrolled. Non-enrolled graduate students working on thesis must receive stipends instead of a scholarship. Campus
offices must ensure there is sufficient funding to award the scholarship before opening the scholarship application or
nomination or recruitment process. Important Items AcademicWorks (AW), https://sfsu.academicworks.com, is the
University system of record for administering institutional scholarships and its use is mandatory. This includes all
scholarships, awards, prizes whether it is nomination based, recruitment based or best paper or film. Refer to the AW
Help tips guide for instructions on how to use the auto-match and apply-to features for these scholarship awards.
AcademicWorks will retain on-line records of your scholarship process: scholarship applicants, criteria, review
process, notes to the system, scholarship awards, as well as thank you letters for each application cycle. This will be
the scholarship record the University will keep and refer back to for scholarship record keeping, audit purposes, and
donor relations University and AcademicWorks policies, procedures, and guidelines to assist you with managing your
scholarships are available at https://sfsu.account.box.com/login. All project directors and scholarship coordinators
have been invited and will have access. If there is a change in personnel, please update our office using the
State AW Help tips guide and business processes. Use the available AW user manual articles and taped training videos
located in the SFSU Box, or click the green ? on the top right of each AW screen to go to their Knowledgebase web page
the person in your College who has AW help desk access. Campus offices must award scholarships at the beginning of a
process completed prior to award semester start. Do not request disbursement for award amounts with cents. All
disbursements must be whole dollar amounts. Please contact UCorp or Fiscal Affairs to determine how to handle the
students to view. When a scholarship is no longer being awarded or account closed, the project director must notify the
Office of Student Financial Aid via signed memo asking us to remove the scholarship. Donations: Establish a
Scholarship/Endowment Account Should a donor approach a campus office about a scholarship donation, contact your
the scholarship. Establish a scholarship account at the University Corporation (UCorp). Complete the University
Corporation, Special Project Agreement and Delegation of Authority forms available at http://ucorp.sfsu.edu, click
Forms, Project Directors Get proper link. If applicable, establish a scholarship endowment account at the SF State
Foundation. Complete the Endowment Agreement and the Delegation of Signature Authority forms available at
http://sfsufdn.sfsu.edu/, click Forms. Get proper link. To establish a scholarship account, endowment account, check
scholarship and/or endowment account balances, close a scholarship and/or endowment account, deposit scholarship
donation checks contact: Ricardo David Angeles, The University Corporation, scholarship accounts Shelby Zuo, The
University Corporation, scholarship accounts Ei Than, University Fiscal Affairs, scholarship and endowment accounts
Venesia Thompson, SF State Foundation, endowment accounts Irina Krasnitskaya, Donor Acknowledgement, deposit donation
official documentation for the administration of each scholarship. The agreement ensures transparency, consistency, and
unbiased written details on applying, selection criteria, and disbursement for each scholarship to facilitate
compliance with SF State and CSU scholarship policies and procedures as well ensure a fair and open process. A
Scholarship agreement signed by both the Project Director and Financial Aid must be on file with the Office of Student
Financial Aid before a campus office begins the application or nomination process for: scholarships, fellowships,
award, prizes, and loans within the campus community on a competitive basis. Once the scholarship agreement form is
received and reviewed, the scholarship name, fund number, intent, and eligibility criteria will be entered into
AcademicWorks can ONLY be populated or updated by the Office of Student Financial Aid. This is to ensure that all
scholarships conform to certain general guidelines and that consistent information about scholarships are available.
Any changes require a new scholarship agreement or a scholarship agreement change form When a donor amends the donor
gift agreement and there are changes to the scholarship intent and/or criteria, an amended Financial Aid scholarship
agreement must be submitted to the Office of Student Financial Aid before the next scholarship application cycle. A
signed copy of the scholarship agreement is available as a pdf file link in your scholarship AW Portfolio Details Notes
section. All new or amended scholarship agreements/change forms will be scanned in as they are processed. During peak
processing times (i.e. prior to semesters starts) there may be delays in scanning. NOTE: All scholarship criteria,
application and selection procedures must comply with: University policy that prohibits discrimination based upon race,
gender, color, ethnicity, national origin, sexual orientation, religion, or disability. And; Proposition 209, a
constitutional amendment by initiative, which was passed by the California electorate on November 5, 1996. Proposition
the basis of race, sex, color, ethnicity, or national origin in the operation of public employment, public education,
Be as clear as possible with the intent and eligibility requirements. Intent of scholarship/award/prize/loan Identify
applicant pool Eligibility criteria (e.g., class level, entering and/or continuing, GPA, cumulative units completed,
University unless Scholarship Agreement states otherwise. (May note variances in enrollment for graduate students
working on thesis and graduating seniors.) Method of publicizing the scholarship opportunity Start and end date for
applications/nominations Selection committee should be composed of at least three persons. Scholarship selection
procedures Submit completed Scholarship Agreement to the Office of Student Financial Aid. The agreement will be
reviewed, signed, and a copy linked to your scholarship opportunity in AW. Scholarship will be created in
AcademicWorks. Campus office will be notified to review information and to set up the system (e.g., questions, review
group and customize scoring rubrics, communications in system offer/congratulations letter) for students to apply-to or
be auto-matched. Forgivable loans: The administering office must establish the terms and conditions of the forgivable
loan and contact SF State Fiscal Services to create a loan promissory note (see contact page). Provide Fiscal Services
with a letterhead or logo for the promissory note. Campus office administering the forgivable loan is responsible for
informing the recipients about the terms and conditions and monitoring the recipients to ensure they meet the terms and
conditions as detailed in the promissory note. The campus office should keep a copy of the signed promissory note on
file. If recipients do not meet the terms and conditions of the forgivable loan, establish detail loan repayment
procedures and put student into repayment. Work with the Fiscal Services office. A general department/College
scholarship account for non-endowed small scholarship donations or donations given on a one time basis. We advise to
keep the criteria broad, so you may award these non-endowed small scholarship donations from this scholarship account.
Each scholarship awarded from this general scholarship account must meet the general scholarship eligibility criteria
plus any donor directed specific criteria. If you would like to publicize the specific scholarship through AW, you must
complete a separate scholarship agreement. When completing the Scholarship/award request for this general scholarship
department account, make sure you put the name of the scholarship account and then in parenthesis put the name of the
specific non-endowed scholarship, for example Biology Department Scholarship (David Winn Memorial Scholarship).
Application and Selection Process managed through AcademicWorks Note: Refer to the SF State AW help tips guide for more
detail SF State guidelines and the AW user manual or taped AW training videos or click the link located on the top
scholarship opportunity at any time to begin to review and setup the scholarship for your next application cycle. After
your scholarship. Important Considerations: Before opening the scholarship application, nomination or recruitment
process determine: If there is sufficient funding to award the scholarship. If there are changes in personnel. If yes,
make sure you submit paperwork to reflect changes to UCorp and Financial Aid. The semester to open the scholarship
application, nomination or recruitment process and the semester the scholarship will be distributed to the student
(e.g., Fall application for Spring distribution or Spring application for Fall distribution). Note: see SF State
University Scholarship Policy for specific timetable guidelines. What you will ask the applicants to submit (e.g.,
essay question, recommendation letter, academic transcript, specific questions pertaining to the scholarship, etc.),
and the selection or nomination procedures. Students will complete the AW General Application (profile) and should
check their AW student portal frequently to view their recommended scholarship list, their application statuses, and
their references to see if the recommendation letter has been submitted. **If not, the student can resend the reference
letter request from their AW portal. Promote scholarship: To ensure you have a good applicant pool determine how you
will publicize the scholarship opportunity (e.g., targeted emails, announcement in classes, fliers, bulletin boards).
Text Box information is populated from the Scholarship Agreement on file with our office. Do not make changes to the
Description box. If any field needs to be updated, please submit an amended scholarship agreement. Exceptions for the
Description Text Box, you may add: a paragraph about the donor below the College name and above the templated text. The
semester or academic year you will be awarding the scholarship under the name of the College. For example: Liberal and
Creative Arts *Scholarship awarded for the 2024-2025 academic year* or *Scholarship awarded for the Fall 2024 semester*
be able to apply for your scholarship and the public end date will be the deadline date visible to applicants, the
internal end date is the date the system freezes the data from the General Application and CS import data for
applicants. Best practice is to use the same dates for both public and internal end dates. Applicants will be able to
apply up until 11:59 pm on the end date. Campus offices must open their scholarship opportunities for students to
apply-to at the beginning of the semester prior to the semester you wish the students to receive the scholarship funds.
you are completely done with the scholarship process. It is recommended to wait until after the scholarship awards have
applicants to write an essay, request a recommendation letter, ask additional questions specific to your scholarship.
E.g.- questions as needed to further qualify the applicant (is your major GPA 3.0? or have you completed 12 units in
your major?, etc.) or upload an academic transcript. You can set up questions to qualify an applicant by their
self-reported information then confirm the information (e.g., GPA for newly admitted students, current enrollment, or
major GPA, etc.). If you are cloning a scholarship opportunity, DO NOT make changes to existing questions. You must
dates in your questions. If you do, then a new question must be created each application cycle to update the date.
applicants to verify GPA is not necessary unless you wish to view the courses they took and the individual grades.
correct. Qualifications are assigned based on the eligibility requirements listed on the Scholarship Agreement. Review
button) can help further determine if the applicant is qualified and can be added to the qualification group. It is
useful to ask for information that is not available in AW or through the imported CS data. Some example questions are:
confidential recommendation letter questions as a qualification and require them to be present (e.g. essay must be
present) to ensure that all the requested documents are submitted by the deadline date and you have a complete
deem an application submitted if the file upload is not present. Selection Committee: Selection committee members are
appointed by the project director administering the scholarship. The scholarship committee should consist of at least
three members. Must include the names and titles of the committee members in the AW review group, detail section, and
Group Information text box. Donors or donor representatives should not be on the selection committee. However, if they
are, no combination of donors or donor representatives should directly or indirectly control the committee and they may
not represent a majority of the committee. Contact Young Kim, Tax Specialist, for questions or guidelines. Selection
procedures/review process: Determine selection procedures (e.g., scoring rubrics, etc.). Set up the review process in
group to create a new review group for each new application cycle. Make sure there is only one review group attached to
your scholarship opportunity. If the previous review group is attached, remove it. Name your review group with the
application semester (e.g., University Scholarship selection committee Spring 2025) so you can identify which review
search to see if your reviewer is in AW by putting in their email. If not, add reviewers by putting in their email
address. Include the names and titles of the committee members in the AW review group, detail section, Group
right. Use the existing reviewer questions or create new reviewer questions. Use the existing scoring rubrics or create
new scoring rubrics that reflects what the scholarship intent is. The review process should be done on-line through
AcademicWorks so the award decisions are recorded in the system. An example review process: reviewers review the
applications on-line, put in their initial scores, meet and discuss then submit their final scores in AW before the end
review date. If you do not select the highest scored applicant as the recipient, you must enter an explanation on how
the selection was made and why the student with the lower score was selected. The note is for record keeping and audit
necessary notes and have determined the review group will no longer be used. Archive the scholarship opportunity
have been assigned reviews to complete for their assigned scholarship. The email will have a link to create their AW
password. Then they can sign in using the References and Reviewers link with their email address and AW password.
their SF State ID previously. If your reviewers have sign in issues, refer to the SF State Box, Scholarships and AW
incoming Freshman or transfer students can apply and the scholarship qualifications include a cumulative GPA (imported
and/or self-reported), these students may not have a qualification point because they do not have a cumulative GPA in
qualification point to see if they are entering students then manually verify their GPA using their transcripts. Review
scores: After the review committee has finished reviewing and final scores entered into AW, the system will
automatically tabulate the total reviewer score for each applicant using a 100 point scale that can be viewed on the
financial need as determined by the Office of Student Financial Aid contact the Office of Student Financial Aid to
ensure your finalists meet this requirement before offering the scholarship to the recipient. Select the recipients:
Check to make sure finalists meet all eligibility requirements, have not graduated, and are or will be enrolled in the
required units and term to receive the scholarship award before offering the scholarship to the finalists. Best
practice would be to stipulate in your scholarship in-system offer letter located in the AW Communications tab the
semester the scholarship is for and the enrollment requirements to receive the scholarship award. Alternate recipient:
If for some reason the recipient is no longer eligible for the scholarship (e.g, not enrolled in the required units to
receive the scholarship), you can select an alternate recipient. **Make sure you update the AW application category for
(refer to #16 below for Application categories you can use). Communications/Congratulatory letter: Go to the
view their scholarship offer to accept or decline. This letter should congratulate the recipients and inform them about
the requirements to receive the scholarship (e.g., enrollment requirement, attend an awards ceremony, submit Thank you
their financial aid awards and cannot exceed the cost of attendance per Federal and State regulations. Offer email and
banner messages are templated messages and should not be updated. You may add a sentence or two, but do not change
anything inside the double brackets. The system will automatically populate the double brackets fields with the
letter/Donor Relations: The Post Acceptance process is managed by Sergi Avteniev in University Development and used for
donor relations. Five post acceptance questions have been placed into the Post Acceptance tab for ALL scholarships. He
will inform donors of the successful application of their donated funds. Any questions, please contact Sergi. Offer the
scholarship to them so they can accept the award. If in your Communications the offer email and banner is set at
automatically sent to the recipient. If you use this option, make sure you double check that the correct student is
being offered the scholarship for the correct semester and amount and have put in your In-system offer letter text for
recipients to view before they accept or decline the scholarship offer. However, if in your Communications the offer
is to wait until recipients accept the offer and submit their Thank you letter and answers their post acceptance
finalists are required to come in for an interview before making final decisions, you may use this category to let the
applicants know they are a finalist. Reviewer chairs are able to place applications into this category. Have recipients
accepted the scholarship and submitted the Thank you letter? Before completing and submitting the scholarship award
post-acceptance questions on-line. Record retention: Scholarship records should be retained for a minimum of 3 years
circumstances. For example, reasons why a top scoring applicant was not selected and what was taken into consideration
in selecting the recipient. If your campus office made a decision to not review or score your scholarship applicants
on-line using AW, then the campus office administering the scholarship is responsible for putting a Note into AW to
explain the methodology used to select the recipients and notate the names and titles of the committee members as well
as to retain the records documenting the methodology used to make final decisions. Extending scholarship deadline: If
by the scholarship deadline date there are not enough applicants or not enough qualified applicants, you can extend the
scholarship deadline date. However, once a scholarship application and selection process has been completed, it is not
recommended to re-open the application process for that particular semester or academic year. Cloning your scholarship
necessary to wait until you are done with your current scholarship application cycle. After cloning, you should begin
updating the scholarship opportunity for your next application cycle. **After you clone the opportunity, remember to
scholarship would be after the scholarship disbursement. The Office of Student Financial Aid will notify you a week
after census should any of your scholarships fail to disburse. Before you archive, make sure the entire scholarship
acceptance questions have been submitted, application statuses have been updated (e.g, OA Awarded, OA regret, etc.),
notes to the file have been entered regarding the application and selection process. When you are completely done with
Changes/Updates to a Scholarship You must keep the Office of Student Financial Aid informed of any changes/updates to
the scholarship eligibility criteria, award process, award amounts, number of awards, timetable for award distribution,
project director, AW opportunity administrator and contact persons. If your scholarship is governed by a donor gift
Development (https://develop.sfsu.edu/staff-directory), should you have any questions. Changes can be made to the
eligibility criteria or award process before the application or nomination or recruitment process begins by informing
the Office of Student Financial Aid. You must complete a new scholarship agreement form in these instances. Once the
scholarship application or nomination process begins, changes cannot be made to the eligibility criteria (e.g., minimum
enrollment requirement, GPA, class level, majors/minors, etc.) or award process. For example, student selected is
enrolled in half-time units, but according to the scholarship agreement the scholarship requires full-time enrollment.
An exception is not allowed, since the enrollment requirement that was publicized at the time of the scholarship
application is for full-time enrollment. This is to facilitate a fair and open process. Keep the Office of Student
Financial Aid up-to-date for changes to the project director, AW opportunity administrator, and/or contact persons by
submitting the Scholarship Agreement change form or a signed memo on department letterhead from the project director.
We can also accept a copy of the signed UCorp Special Project Agreement (SPA) for changes to the project director. Keep
UCorp, Fiscal Affairs, and the Office of Student Financial Aid informed of any inactive scholarships not being awarded
due to insufficient funding or other justifiable reasons as well as request to inactivate scholarships no longer being
offered by sending a signed memo on department letterhead from the project director. Tuition Fee Deferment Students who
have accepted financial aid will receive a financial aid fee deferment. Financial aid recipients are required to report
link. Once reported, a scholarship estimate is entered as a place holder. This defers the tuition payment deadline
until after financial aid disbursements have begun. Students who are NOT receiving financial aid must report their
scholarship OR the scholarship award request must be received from the campus office and processed in order to receive
a fee deferment. Otherwise, students must pay their tuition fees by the published tuition deadline. Scholarship
Disbursement Process Per Federal and State regulations, the Office of Student Financial Aid must be notified of all
students who receive a scholarship/award/fellowship/prize/loan. When a student is a financial aid recipient, the Office
combination of all awards cannot exceed eligibility and/or the cost of attendance. Financial Aid cannot disburse
scholarships to students who are not enrolled. Graduate students who are not enrolled but working on their thesis may
receive stipends instead of scholarships. Please contact UCorp. Each scholarship has its specific intent and
scholarship account. DISBURSEMENT DEADLINES: Campus offices must request scholarship disbursements for the beginning of
selection, and distribution. The Scholarship/Award Requests must be received by the Office of Student Financial Aid by
to 7 working days processing time before the Office of Student Financial Aid receives the paperwork. Once the Office of
Student Financial Aid receives the Scholarship/Award Requests, allow up to 10 working days processing time before the
scholarship is disbursed. For students who are receiving financial aid, Scholarship/Award Requests received during a
semester or at the end of a semester may result in one of the following consequences: the reduction of upcoming Spring
financial aid for a late Fall scholarship unable to coordinate the scholarship with financial aid therefore, the
student may have to submit additional paperwork to resolve student may have to repay financial aid (e.g., loans) before
the scholarship can be disbursed or scholarship will be used to pay the loan unable to disburse the scholarship. When
Scholarship/Award Requests are received at the end of the Spring semester and end of the academic year, it may result
date, therefore cannot disburse scholarship unable to contact students to resolve holds, therefore cannot disburse the
scholarship (e.g., international students or non-citizens or non-permanent residents must meet with the tax specialist,
Young Kim, before the scholarship disburses) If any one of these situations occur, the campus office will be notified
that the scholarship cannot be disbursed for the Spring semester. The campus office may make a decision to disburse the
in the number of units per the Scholarship agreement on file with the Office of Student Financial Aid. Project
Directors and/or the office administering the scholarship must verify the following before completing a scholarship
award request to request disbursement: verify recipients selected meet all scholarship eligibility requirements
stated on the scholarship agreement. verify the timetable for award distribution (e.g., Fall, Spring, academic year,
varies) is as stated on the scholarship agreement. HOW TO REQUEST SCHOLARSHIP DISBURSEMENTS: The University Corporation
(UCorp), SF State scholarship accounts: (allow up to 7 working days processing time for UCorp before the financial aid
office receives the paperwork to process for disbursement) Complete the University Corporation, San Francisco State
Scholarship/Award Request form for each recipient available at http://ucorp.sfsu.edu, Forms section. Specify:
recipient's name and student id number, FULL scholarship name, scholarship amount, academic year and semester(s) in
which scholarship should be disbursed per scholarship agreement, minimum enrollment requirement for the scholarship as
stated in the scholarship agreement/addendum. Double check all information is CORRECT before submitting to UCorp. If
this is a general department/college scholarship account where non-endowed scholarship donations are deposited and
awarded from, make sure you put the name of the scholarship on the Scholarship/award request, for example Biology
Department Scholarship. If there is a name attached to a specific non-endowed donation and you are awarding that
scholarship, you may add the name in parenthesis, for example Biology Department Scholarship (David Winn Memorial
Scholarship). The semester(s) the scholarship is to be disbursed must be marked on the Scholarship/Award Request. -If
two semesters. -If only one semester (e.g., Fall, Spring, Summer) is selected then the full amount is disbursed in that
semester. If the enrollment requirement differs for graduating seniors and graduate students working on thesis or final
project per the scholarship agreement or scholarship addendum on file, please specify the specific enrollment
needs 3 units to graduate Fall 2025 or 3 units, graduate student working on thesis). Graduate students who are not
enrolled, but working on thesis must receive stipends instead of a scholarship. Please contact UCorp. Do not request
disbursement for award amounts with cents. Cents cannot be disbursed. Please contact UCorp to determine how to handle
the cents. If continued eligibility must be verified by the campus office before releasing the Spring award for an
academic year (Fall & Spring) award. Submit a separate Scholarship/Award Request for each semester. Should a change
need to be made after submitting the Scholarship/Award Request to the University Corporation (UCorp), contact the
Financial Aid office immediately to check if the scholarship has already disbursed. If already disbursed, check with
the scholarship team member and UCorp what needs to be done. If the student needs to be notified, it is the
UCorp. If not disbursed yet, check with the scholarship team member and UCorp what paperwork is needed to make the
change. Project Director must sign form. Send form to UCorp for verification and encumbrance of funds. UCorp forwards
Scholarship/Award Request form to Office of Student Financial Aid who then coordinates the scholarship with any
existing financial aid awards, checks AW, verifies enrollment, and requests the check disbursement (allow up to 7-10
working days processing time). University Fiscal Affairs scholarship accounts: (allow up to 7 working days processing
time for Fiscal Affairs before the Financial Aid Office receives the paperwork to process for disbursement) Complete
the Fiscal Affairs, San Francisco State Scholarship/Award Request form for each recipient available at
recipient's name and student id number, FULL scholarship name, scholarship amount, academic year and semester(s) in
which scholarship should be disbursed per scholarship agreement, minimum enrollment requirement for the scholarship as
stated in the scholarship agreement/addendum. Double check all information is CORRECT before submitting to Fiscal
Affairs. Do not request disbursement for award amounts with cents. Cents cannot be disbursed. Please contact Fiscal
Affairs (see contact information page) to determine how to handle the cents. The semester(s) the scholarship should be
amount on the Scholarship/Award Request will be evenly disbursed between the two semesters. -If only one semester
(e.g., Fall, Spring, Summer) is checked then the full amount is disbursed in that semester. If the enrollment
requirement is different for graduating seniors and graduate students working on thesis or final project per the
scholarship agreement or scholarship addendum on file, please specify the specific enrollment requirement and put an
graduate Fall 2025 or 3 units, working on thesis). Financial Aid cannot disburse scholarships to students who are not
enrolled. If continued eligibility must be verified by the campus office before releasing the Spring award for an
academic year (Fall & Spring) award. Submit a separate Scholarship/Award Request for each semester. Should a change
need to be made after submitting the Scholarship/Award Request to Fiscal Affairs, contact the Financial Aid office
immediately to check if the scholarship has already disbursed. If already disbursed, check with the scholarship team
member and Fiscal Affairs what needs to be done. If the student needs to be notified, it is the administering campus
not disbursed yet, check with the scholarship team member and Fiscal Affairs what paperwork is needed to make the
change. Project Director must sign form. Send form to Fiscal Affairs for verification of funds. Fiscal Affairs forwards
Scholarship/Award Request form to the Office of Student Financial Aid who then coordinates the scholarship with any
existing financial aid awards, checks AW, verifies enrollment, and requests the check disbursement (allow up to 7-10
working days processing time). Scholarships/awards/prizes given directly to the student: The Office of Student
Financial Aid must be notified of all monetary awards given to a student from a campus office or auxiliary. Send a
signed memo on department letterhead listing the name of the award, purpose of the award, names of the recipients,
student ID number, award amount, academic year, and the semester the award is given. The scholarship award will be
University obligations and deduct the amount from the scholarship. If there is no obligation owed and a balance
did not receive the scholarship check. Student must verify with the Financial Aid office that the scholarship check was
the scholarship check was returned to SF State. If not, student must request a stop payment. Once the stop payment goes
Scholarships/fellowships/awards/prizes/loans awarded to an international student or a non citizen or non permanent
resident will have a hold. Students must meet with the Tax specialist, Young Kim (see contact page), to determine
whether the scholarship may be subject to withholding of taxes before the scholarship is disbursed. This process will
take up to an additional three weeks. Students may make an appointment with Young Kim at this website,
http://fiscaff.sfsu.edu/taxservices. Scholarship Award Cancellation When a scholarship recipient becomes ineligible to
receive a scholarship after the Scholarship/Award Request has been submitted, the Project Director must notify the
appropriate Scholarship Team member by sending an email and following up with a signed memo on department letterhead to
cancel the scholarship award and copy University Corporation or Fiscal Affairs. If the award has already been
funds must be returned and copy the appropriate scholarship team member, University Corporation or Fiscal Affairs. The
administering campus office must work with the student and the financial aid office to ensure repayment of the
scholarship. After census (4th week of classes) and at the end of each semester, the Office of Student Financial Aid
will notify each campus office by email of all the cancelled scholarship disbursements that have not disbursed because
students are not enrolled in the required number of units to receive the scholarship per the scholarship
ineligibility for a scholarship. For all University Corporation scholarship accounts, the Project Director must notify
the University Corporation to disencumber the scholarship funds (see contact information page). Scholarship Appeals In
rare circumstances, appropriate flexibility may be demonstrated by SF State in making reasonable exceptions to
scholarship award decisions in order to facilitate student success and timely progress to degree. Requests for
exception must be submitted in writing to the Vice President for Student Affairs & Enrollment Management as soon as
possible following receipt of the contested decision. An explanation of the extenuating circumstances why certain
criteria or deadlines were not met should be included in the communication. Appeals should be submitted electronically
to vpsaem@sfsu.edu External Organization/Foundation Checks Received When a campus office receives a scholarship check
from an external organization/foundation for a SF State student who has won a scholarship, forward the check and letter
by the Office of Student Financial Aid. An external organization/foundation has asked a campus department to assist in
finding qualified SF State applicants for their scholarship, but the scholarship application and selection process is
handled by the external organization/foundation then this scholarship is considered an external scholarship. This is
not a campus scholarship. Do not deposit these checks into your campus scholarship accounts. The check must be sent to
the scholarship, semester or academic year the scholarship is for, enrollment requirement and any other stipulations.
to request disbursement. Contact Email: finaid@sfsu.eduTelephone: (415) 338-7000 LocationOne Stop - Student Services
Building 1600 Holloway AvenueSan Francisco, CA 94132 Office HoursMonday - Thursday | 9:00 am - 5:00 pmFriday | 10:00 am
- 5:00 pm Quick LinksFuture StudentsNews @ SF StateDocument Reader Accessibility Equity & Community Inclusion
Environment & Sustainability Privacy Policy Title IX San Francisco State University A California State University
Campus SF State Facebook SF State Twitter SF State Instagram SF State LinkedIn
 Title: Scholarship and Essay Tips | Office of Student Financial Aid
 url: https://financialaid.sfsu.edu/scholarship-and-essay-tips 
 Scholarship and Essay Tips | Office of Student Financial Aid Skip to main content SAN FRANCISCO STATE UNIVERSITY |
navigation Menu Main navigation Home How Financial Aid Works Expand How Financial Aid Works Submit Documents Online
Financial Aid Forms Fall 2024 Financial Aid Disbursement Summer 2024 Financial Aid Process Cost of Attendance Expand
Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of Financial Aid Expand Types Of Financial Aid Grants Loans Federal
Work-Study Scholarships Policies Expand Eligibility for Applying to Financial Aid Satisfactory Academic Progress (SAP)
Withdrawing from the University Verification Process AB 540 Information Expand AB 540 Information CA Dream Act Dream
Act or FAFSA California Dream Loan Getting Help Other Programs & Resources Expand Other Programs & Resources Americorps
Awards Basic Needs Initiatives College of Professional & Global Education (CPaGE) Pre-Health Post-Bac Program Student
Loan Repayment Teaching Credential Programs Scholarship and Essay Tips Many scholarships require you to write a
personal statement about yourself. This is your opportunity to sell yourself. Tell your personal story. Write in the
first person. Typically, personal statements should convey your character, personality, values and experiences and
should include your academic achievements, community involvement, leadership skills, and academic and career goals. Use
the following to assist you with writing your personal statement/essay: Think about your achievements (e.g. academic,
personal, etc.) and list them List your community and/or school involvement Write down any obstacles or hardships you
have overcome (e.g., family, economic or physical, etc.) List your specific skills (e.g. leadership, communicative,
etc.) and/or talent (e.g. athlete, musician, writer, etc.) Think about people or events that have shaped you or
influenced your goals What are you passionate about? Tightly structure your essay by sticking to the point and
supporting your experience with concrete and compelling examples. Write with a personal voice and avoid sounding wooden
and dry. Many organizations favor student leaders or students involved in their community or school. Other groups look
for students who have exceptional talents - writers, scientists, athletes or musicians. If the application mentions
these qualities, emphasize the talents/skills you have as well as your academic achievements. Provide examples of the
leadership roles you have taken with individuals and/or groups. Scholarship committees are extremely responsive to
stories that overcome obstacles or hardships Follow directions. For example, if the application limits you to a 3-page
essay, do not go over 3 pages, but neither should you write only a paragraph. If there are specific questions on the
scholarship application, make sure you answer the questions that are asked of you. Have several strong writers read and
edit your essay for structure, grammar, redundancy and logic. Scholarship committees will mark you down if your essay
is not to the point, is incomplete, does not give specific examples of your experiences, does not tell a story about
you, does not help the committee to better understand you or is just plain difficult to understand. Also, typewritten
essays are preferred over hand-written ones If the scholarship is renewable, then this is practically guaranteed money.
Typically, all you need to do is maintain the scholarship requirements and renew your application, as necessary. If the
scholarship requires a nomination, ask the department or organization how you can be nominated. As you apply for
scholarships, you may recycle the essays/personal statements and save enormous amounts of time and energy by
customizing the essay/personal statement for each specific scholarship application Scholarship Writing Resource The
Tutoring and Academic Support Center (TASC) will assist students in developing a strong scholarship essay/personal
statement. For more information on their tutoring hours. For PDF files, you'll need Adobe Acrobat 5.0 or above to view
it. If you need Adobe Acrobat Reader it's available free from Adobe Contact Email: finaid@sfsu.eduTelephone: (415)
338-7000 LocationOne Stop - Student Services Building 1600 Holloway AvenueSan Francisco, CA 94132 Office HoursMonday -
Thursday | 9:00 am - 5:00 pmFriday | 10:00 am - 5:00 pm Quick LinksFuture StudentsNews @ SF StateDocument Reader
Accessibility Equity & Community Inclusion Environment & Sustainability Privacy Policy Title IX San Francisco State
University A California State University Campus SF State Facebook SF State Twitter SF State Instagram SF State LinkedIn
 Title: Cost of Attendance | Office of Student Financial Aid | SF State
 url: https://financialaid.sfsu.edu/cost-of-attendance 
 Cost of Attendance | Office of Student Financial Aid | SF State Skip to main content SAN FRANCISCO STATE UNIVERSITY |
navigation Menu Main navigation Home How Financial Aid Works Expand How Financial Aid Works Submit Documents Online
Financial Aid Forms Fall 2024 Financial Aid Disbursement Summer 2024 Financial Aid Process Cost of Attendance Expand
Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of Financial Aid Expand Types Of Financial Aid Grants Loans Federal
Work-Study Scholarships Policies Expand Eligibility for Applying to Financial Aid Satisfactory Academic Progress (SAP)
Withdrawing from the University Verification Process AB 540 Information Expand AB 540 Information CA Dream Act Dream
Act or FAFSA California Dream Loan Getting Help Other Programs & Resources Expand Other Programs & Resources Americorps
Awards Basic Needs Initiatives College of Professional & Global Education (CPaGE) Pre-Health Post-Bac Program Student
Loan Repayment Teaching Credential Programs Cost of Attendance Cost of attendance (COA) includes: Direct Educational
Costs (Tuition fees, books, and supplies) Living Costs (Housing, meals, transportation, and personal expenses) Loan
origination fees NOTE: Estimated rent prices for a one-bedroom apartment in San Francisco can be found on Rent Cafe.
2024-2025 Cost Of Attendance (Fall 2024 & Spring 2025) Undergraduate Students (Full Time Attendance For Two Semesters)
Undergraduate Students (Full Time Attendance For Two Semesters) Cost Type On Campus Off Campus Living At Home Tuition
Fees (7 units or greater) $7,950 $7,950 $7,950 Housing $17,010 $14,724 0 Food $5,256 $7,506 $11,520 Books and Supplies
$1,100 $1,100 $1,100 Transportation $1,512 $1,962 $1,764 Personal Expenses $3,222 $3,924 $4,050 TOTAL $36,050 $37,166
$26,384 + Loan Fees (Based on Loan amount) Individual Individual Individual Graduate, Post-Baccalaureate, 2nd Degree, &
Master's Program Students (Full Time Attendance for Two Semesters) Graduate, Post-Baccalaureate, 2nd Degree, & Master's
Program Students (Full Time Attendance for Two Semesters) Cost Type On-Campus Off-Campus Tuition Fees (7 units or
greater) $9,474 $9,474 Housing $17,010 $14,724 Food $5,256 $7,506 Books and Supplies $1,100 $1,100 Transportation
$1,512 $1,962 Personal Expenses $3,222 $3,924 TOTAL $37,574 $38,690 + Loan Fees (Based on Loan amount) Individual
Individual Credential Students (Full Time Attendance for Two Semesters) Credential Students (Full Time Attendance for
Two Semesters) Cost Type On-Campus Off-Campus Tuition Fees (7 units or greater) $8,928 $8,928 Housing $17,010 $14,724
Food $5,256 $7,506 Books and Supplies $1,100 $1,100 Transportation $1,512 $1,962 Personal Expenses $3,222 $3,924 TOTAL
$37,028 $38,144 + Loan Fees (Based on Loan amount) Individual Individual IMPORTANT REMINDER: Out-of-State and
International students must pay $420.00 PER UNIT in addition to the tuition fees appropriate to their academic level.
How is Cost of Attendance related to financial aid? If you are a financial aid recipient, the Office of Student
Financial Aid strives to award students up to the Cost of Attendance using a combination of all financial aid types for
which you are eligible. For more information, visit our Reviewing Your Awards page. Past Cost of Attendance 2023-2024
Cost Of Attendance (Fall 2023 & Spring 2024) Undergraduate Students (Full Time Attendance For Two Semesters) Cost Type
On Campus Off Campus Living At Home Tuition Fees (7 units or greater) $7,522 $7,522 $7,522 Housing $13,956 $12,960 0
Food $5,220 $6,472 10,126 Books and Supplies $1,100 $1,100 $1,100 Transportation $1,108 $1,764 $1,710 Personal Expenses
$2,872 $4,428 $3,610 Loan Origination Fee $74 $74 $74 TOTAL $31,852 $34,320 $24,142 Graduate, Post-Baccalaureate, 2nd
Degree, & Master's Program Students (Full Time Attendance for Two Semesters) Cost Type On Campus Off Campus Living At
Home Tuition Fees (7 units or greater) $8,956 $8,956 $8,956 Housing $13,956 $12,960 0 Food $5,220 $6,472 $10,126 Books
and Supplies $1,100 $1,100 $1,100 Transportation $1,108 $1,764 $1,710 Personal Expenses $2,872 $4,428 $3,610 Loan
Origination Fee $170 $170 $170 TOTAL $33,382 $35,850 $25,672 Credential Students (Full Time Attendance for Two
Semesters) Cost Type On Campus Off Campus Living At Home Tuition Fees (7 units or greater) $8,440 $8,440 $8,440 Housing
$13,956 $12,960 0 Food $5,220 $6,472 10,126 Books and Supplies $1,100 $1,100 $1,100 Transportation $1,108 $1,764 $1,710
Personal Expenses $2,872 $4,428 $3,610 Loan Origination Fee $74 $74 $74 TOTAL $32,770 $35,238 $25,060 2022-2023 Cost Of
Attendance (Fall 2022 & Spring 2023) Undergraduate Students (Full Time Attendance For Two Semesters) Cost Type On
Campus Off Campus Living At Home Tuition Fees (7 units or greater) $7,522 $7,522 $7,522 Books and Supplies $1,098
$1,098 $1,098 Food and Housing $18,998 $18,998 $9,098 Personal Expenses $2,196 $2,736 $2,250 Transportation $350 $1,466
$1,710 TOTAL $30,164 $31,820 $21,678 Graduate, Post-Baccalaureate, 2nd Degree, & Master's Program Students (Full Time
Attendance for Two Semesters) Cost Type On Campus Off Campus Living At Home Tuition Fees (7 units or greater) $8,956
$8,956 $8,956 Books and Supplies $1,098 $1,098 $1,098 Food and Housing $17,954 $18,998 $9,098 Personal Expenses $2,196
$2,736 $2,250 Transportation $350 $1,466 $1,710 TOTAL $30,554 $33,254 $23,112 Credential Students (Full Time Attendance
for Two Semesters) Cost Type On Campus Off Campus Living At Home Tuition Fees (7 units or greater) $8,440 $8,440 $8,440
Books and Supplies $1,098 $1,098 $1,098 Food and Housing $17,954 $18,998 $9,098 Personal Expenses $2,196 $2,736 $2,250
Transportation $350 $1,467 $1,710 TOTAL $30,038 $32,739 $22,596 2021-2022 Cost Of Attendance (Fall 2021 & Spring 2022)
Undergraduate Students (Full Time Attendance For Two Semesters) Cost Type On Campus Off Campus Living At Home Tuition
Fees (7 units or greater) $7,484 $7,484 $7,484 Books and Supplies $1,076 $1,076 $1,076 Food and Housing $15,680 $18,270
$8,826 Personal Expenses $2,156 $2,632 $2,164 Transportation $1,028 $1,394 $1,622 TOTAL $27,424 $30,856 $21,172
Graduate, Post-Baccalaureate, 2nd Degree, & Master's Program Students (Full Time Attendance for Two Semesters) Cost
Type On Campus Off Campus Living At Home Tuition Fees (7 units or greater) $8,918 $8,918 $8,918 Books and Supplies
$1,076 $1,076 $1,076 Food and Housing $15,680 $18,270 $8,826 Personal Expenses $2,156 $2,632 $2,164 Transportation
$1,028 $1,394 $1,622 TOTAL $28,858 $32,290 $22,606 Credential Students (Full Time Attendance for Two Semesters) Cost
Type On Campus Off Campus Living At Home Tuition Fees (7 units or greater) $7,924 $7,924 $7,924 Books and Supplies
$1,038 $1,038 $1,038 Food and Housing $15,949 $17,922 $8,747 Personal Expenses $2,058 $2,770 $2,120 Transportation
$1,094 $1,482 $1,733 TOTAL $28,063 $31,136 $21,562 2020-2021 Cost Of Attendance (Fall 2020 & Spring 2021) Undergraduate
Students (Full Time Attendance For Two Semesters) Cost Type On Campus Off Campus Living At Home Tuition Fees (7 units
or greater) $7,440 $7,440 $7,440 Books and Supplies $1,038 $1,038 $1,038 Food and Housing $15,950 $17,922 $8,748
Personal Expenses $2,058 $2,770 $2,120 Transportation $1,094 $1,482 $1,732 TOTAL $27,580 $30,652 $21,080 Graduate,
Post-Baccalaureate, 2nd Degree, & Master's Program Students (Full Time Attendance for Two Semesters) Cost Type On
Campus Off Campus Living At Home Tuition Fees (7 units or greater) $8,874 $8,874 $8,874 Books and Supplies $1,038
$1,038 $1,038 Food and Housing $15,949 $17,922 $8,747 Personal Expenses $2,058 $2,770 $2,120 Transportation $1,094
$1,482 $1,733 TOTAL $29,013 $32,086 $22,512 Credential Students (Full Time Attendance for Two Semesters) Cost Type On
Campus Off Campus Living At Home Tuition Fees (7 units or greater) $8,358 $8,358 $8,358 Books and Supplies $1,038
$1,038 $1,038 Food and Housing $15,949 $17,922 $8,747 Personal Expenses $2,058 $2,770 $2,120 Transportation $1,094
$1,482 $1,733 TOTAL $28,497 $31,570 $21,996 2019-2020 Cost Of Attendance (Fall 2019 & Spring 2020) Undergraduate
Students (Full Time Attendance For Two Semesters) Cost Type On Campus Off Campus Living At Home Tuition Fees (7 units
or greater) $7,270 $7,270 $7,270 Books and Supplies $2,002 $2,002 $2,002 Food and Housing $15,152 $16,189 $6,786
Personal Expenses $1,704 $1,704 $1,704 Transportation $864 $1,587 $1,134 TOTAL $26,992 $28,752 $18,896 Graduate,
Post-Baccalaureate, 2nd Degree, & Master's Program Students (Full Time Attendance for Two Semesters) Cost Type On
Campus Off Campus Living At Home Tuition Fees (7 units or greater) $8,704 $8,704 $8,704 Books and Supplies $2,002
$2,002 $2,002 Food and Housing $15,152 $16,189 $6,786 Personal Expenses $1,704 $1,704 $1,704 Transportation $864 $1,587
$1,134 TOTAL $28,426 $30,186 $20,330 Credential Students (Full Time Attendance for Two Semesters) Cost Type On Campus
Off Campus Living At Home Tuition Fees (7 units or greater) $8,188 $8,188 $8,188 Books and Supplies $2,002 $2,002
$2,002 Food and Housing $15,152 $16,189 $6,786 Personal Expenses $1,704 $1,704 $1,704 Transportation $864 $1,587 $1,134
TOTAL $27,910 $29,670 $19,814 Contact Email: finaid@sfsu.eduTelephone: (415) 338-7000 LocationOne Stop - Student
Services Building 1600 Holloway AvenueSan Francisco, CA 94132 Office HoursMonday - Thursday | 9:00 am - 5:00 pmFriday |
10:00 am - 5:00 pm Quick LinksFuture StudentsNews @ SF StateDocument Reader Accessibility Equity & Community Inclusion
Environment & Sustainability Privacy Policy Title IX San Francisco State University A California State University
Campus SF State Facebook SF State Twitter SF State Instagram SF State LinkedIn
 Title: Net Price Calculator | Office of Student Financial Aid
 url: https://financialaid.sfsu.edu/net-price-calculator 
 Net Price Calculator | Office of Student Financial Aid Skip to main content SAN FRANCISCO STATE UNIVERSITY | Office of
Menu Main navigation Home How Financial Aid Works Expand How Financial Aid Works Submit Documents Online Financial Aid
Forms Fall 2024 Financial Aid Disbursement Summer 2024 Financial Aid Process Cost of Attendance Expand Cost of
Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of Financial Aid Expand Types Of Financial Aid Grants Loans Federal Work-Study
Scholarships Policies Expand Eligibility for Applying to Financial Aid Satisfactory Academic Progress (SAP) Withdrawing
from the University Verification Process AB 540 Information Expand AB 540 Information CA Dream Act Dream Act or FAFSA
California Dream Loan Getting Help Other Programs & Resources Expand Other Programs & Resources Americorps Awards Basic
Needs Initiatives College of Professional & Global Education (CPaGE) Pre-Health Post-Bac Program Student Loan Repayment
Teaching Credential Programs Net Price Calculator Welcome to the SF State Net Price Calculator - Designed to help you
and your family plan for the cost of education here at our University! This calculator will estimate your costs for
tuition and expenses (As an Undergraduate student) as well as your potential eligibility for need-based financial aid
based on individual circumstances. SF State Net Price Calculator Link IMPORTANT REMINDER: Please be aware that these
are estimates only and are not a guarantee of the financial aid you may actually receive. This calculator cannot
simulate or replace a full, professional review of an admitted student's financial aid application. Grants Loans
Federal Work-Study Scholarships Contact Email: finaid@sfsu.eduTelephone: (415) 338-7000 LocationOne Stop - Student
Services Building 1600 Holloway AvenueSan Francisco, CA 94132 Office HoursMonday - Thursday | 9:00 am - 5:00 pmFriday |
10:00 am - 5:00 pm Quick LinksFuture StudentsNews @ SF StateDocument Reader Accessibility Equity & Community Inclusion
Environment & Sustainability Privacy Policy Title IX San Francisco State University A California State University
Campus SF State Facebook SF State Twitter SF State Instagram SF State LinkedIn
 Title: How Financial Aid Works | San Francisco State University
 url: https://financialaid.sfsu.edu/financialaidguide 
 How Financial Aid Works | San Francisco State University Skip to main content SAN FRANCISCO STATE UNIVERSITY | Office
Menu Main navigation Home How Financial Aid Works Expand How Financial Aid Works Submit Documents Online Financial Aid
Forms Fall 2024 Financial Aid Disbursement Summer 2024 Financial Aid Process Cost of Attendance Expand Cost of
Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of Financial Aid Expand Types Of Financial Aid Grants Loans Federal Work-Study
Scholarships Policies Expand Eligibility for Applying to Financial Aid Satisfactory Academic Progress (SAP) Withdrawing
from the University Verification Process AB 540 Information Expand AB 540 Information CA Dream Act Dream Act or FAFSA
California Dream Loan Getting Help Other Programs & Resources Expand Other Programs & Resources Americorps Awards Basic
Needs Initiatives College of Professional & Global Education (CPaGE) Pre-Health Post-Bac Program Student Loan Repayment
Teaching Credential Programs How Financial Aid Works We understand that applying for and receiving financial aid can be
an overwhelming process. Therefore, we offer this quick guide to get a better understanding of how financial aid works
at San Francisco State University. SF State Financial Aid Process Guide Applying For Financial Aid How exactly does a
student receive financial aid at SF State? This page provides an overview of the financial aid application process,
using the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) or the California Dream Act Application (CADAA). Starting
Your Application Reviewing Your Awards Now that you've submitted a financial aid application, how can can you access
your financial aid offer? This page provides information on how to accept or decline your offers, how your awards are
allocated, and how your aid will be used to pay for school expenses. Accessing Your Financial Aid Receiving Your Awards
You've been awarded your financial aid package but how exactly are you supposed to receive it? This page provides
information regarding what a "Financial Aid Disbursement" is and breaks down the importance of Account Activity section
in your Student Center. Viewing Your Disbursement Special Circumstances What happens if your financial aid package
doesn't reflect your current situation? This page provides information regarding the next steps you or your Parent(s)
may take in appealing to have your awards be reconsidered based on a different tax year or your present living
situation! Appealing Your Financial Aid Contact Email: finaid@sfsu.eduTelephone: (415) 338-7000 LocationOne Stop -
Student Services Building 1600 Holloway AvenueSan Francisco, CA 94132 Office HoursMonday - Thursday | 9:00 am - 5:00
pmFriday | 10:00 am - 5:00 pm Quick LinksFuture StudentsNews @ SF StateDocument Reader Accessibility Equity & Community
Inclusion Environment & Sustainability Privacy Policy Title IX San Francisco State University A California State
University Campus SF State Facebook SF State Twitter SF State Instagram SF State LinkedIn
 Title: Applying for Financial Aid | Office of Student Financial Aid
 url: https://financialaid.sfsu.edu/applying-financial-aid 
 Applying for Financial Aid | Office of Student Financial Aid Skip to main content SAN FRANCISCO STATE UNIVERSITY |
navigation Menu Main navigation Home How Financial Aid Works Expand How Financial Aid Works Submit Documents Online
Financial Aid Forms Fall 2024 Financial Aid Disbursement Summer 2024 Financial Aid Process Cost of Attendance Expand
Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of Financial Aid Expand Types Of Financial Aid Grants Loans Federal
Work-Study Scholarships Policies Expand Eligibility for Applying to Financial Aid Satisfactory Academic Progress (SAP)
Withdrawing from the University Verification Process AB 540 Information Expand AB 540 Information CA Dream Act Dream
Act or FAFSA California Dream Loan Getting Help Other Programs & Resources Expand Other Programs & Resources Americorps
Awards Basic Needs Initiatives College of Professional & Global Education (CPaGE) Pre-Health Post-Bac Program Student
Loan Repayment Teaching Credential Programs Applying for Financial Aid You are attending San Francisco State University
(or are thinking about attending) and want to know what kind of financial aid you qualify for. Where do you start?
Start off by submitting a financial aid application! All students must submit either a Free Application For Federal
Student Aid (FAFSA) or a California Dream Act Application (CADAA) every year. To ensure that SF State receives your
financial aid application, complete the following steps: File the correct financial aid application for the correct
academic year List SF State as your top school of choice on your application (School code: 001154) The academic year
order here at SF State goes: Fall, Spring, & Summer EXAMPLE: A student files a 2024-2025 financial aid application to
receive financial aid for the 2024-2025 school year (Fall 2024, Spring 2025, & Summer 2025) here at SF State. FAFSA
Form Link CADAA Form Link Which Application Do I Complete? FAFSA CADAA International Students US citizens Permanent
resident (Green card holders) Arrival-Departure Record (I-94) with status from USCIS such as: Refugee Asylum Grant
Cuban-Haitian entrant Condition entrant (Before April 1, 1980) Parolee T-Visa holder Battered immigrant qualified alien
- Included children under Violence Against Women Act (VAWA) Citizen of the Federated State of Micronesia, the Republic
of the Marshall Islands, or the Republic of Palau Undocumented students DACA recipients (Active or expired) U-Visa
holders Temporary Protected Status (TPS) IMPORTANT NOTE: Applicants must be confirmed as AB 540/SB 68 eligible by the
Admissions Office (Undergraduate or Graduate) at SF State. INELIGIBLE to apply for either a FAFSA or CADAA If you are
an international student, we recommend contacting the Office Of International Programs (OIP) regarding admission and
possible financial aid assistance. Do NOT miss the State Priority Deadline! IMPORTANT REMINDER: For the 2024-2025
school year (Fall 2024, Spring 2025, & Summer 2025), the State priority deadline is on May 2, 2024! All California
residents and AB 540 Dream students MUST complete their financial aid applications by the State priority deadline every
year in order to be considered for State financial aid! The date for the deadline is usually March 2nd of every year.
Applications submitted after that date will result in the student being INELIGIBLE for any State-based aid. If a
student is are applying for admissions for just the Spring semester at SF State, the State priority deadline of March
2nd still applies. If a student misses the March 2nd deadline, they may still fill out a FAFSA/CADAA to be evaluated
for either Federal or Institutional aid ONLY. AB 540 Dream students will most likely NOT receive any financial aid if
they miss the March 2nd deadline! Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) for Financial Aid Applications When should I submit
my application? New financial aid applications always open on October 1st of every year! The applications close on June
30 (two years after) October 1st date. How do I ensure that SF State receives my financial aid application? Make sure
to follow these steps when completing your financial aid application: List SF State as your TOP school of choice -
Select San Francisco State University and list our School Code (001154) in the "Colleges" section. If you do not add SF
State, we will never receive your application and therefore cannot evaluate you for any financial aid. Complete the
correct academic year - Be aware of the school year you are completing your application for. This is especially crucial
for Spring start students! (Ex. 2024-2025 FAFSA/CADAA for the Fall 2024, Spring 2025, & Summer 2025 semesters) Provide
the correct tax information - Students and parent(s) will be asked to report tax information for two years prior (Ex:
2022 tax information is required for a 2024-2025 application). What happens after I submit my financial aid
application? Upon submitting your financial aid application, it will take our office about a week to receive your
information. You will be e-mailed through your SF State e-mail one of these two things once your application has been
successfully registered in our system: You've been awarded financial aid for the designated school year you are
admitted for You are required to submit additional items to our office which can be found on the To Do List of your SF
State Gateway If you are required to submit additional documents to our office, that means that your financial aid
application was selected for Verification (Further review). For more information regarding the verification process,
please click on the link provided down below. Verification Process Link Contact Email: finaid@sfsu.eduTelephone: (415)
338-7000 LocationOne Stop - Student Services Building 1600 Holloway AvenueSan Francisco, CA 94132 Office HoursMonday -
Thursday | 9:00 am - 5:00 pmFriday | 10:00 am - 5:00 pm Quick LinksFuture StudentsNews @ SF StateDocument Reader
Accessibility Equity & Community Inclusion Environment & Sustainability Privacy Policy Title IX San Francisco State
University A California State University Campus SF State Facebook SF State Twitter SF State Instagram SF State LinkedIn
 Title: Submit Documents Online | Office of Student Financial Aid
 url: https://financialaid.sfsu.edu/submit-documents-online 
 Submit Documents Online | Office of Student Financial Aid Skip to main content SAN FRANCISCO STATE UNIVERSITY | Office
Menu Main navigation Home How Financial Aid Works Expand How Financial Aid Works Submit Documents Online Financial Aid
Forms Fall 2024 Financial Aid Disbursement Summer 2024 Financial Aid Process Cost of Attendance Expand Cost of
Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of Financial Aid Expand Types Of Financial Aid Grants Loans Federal Work-Study
Scholarships Policies Expand Eligibility for Applying to Financial Aid Satisfactory Academic Progress (SAP) Withdrawing
from the University Verification Process AB 540 Information Expand AB 540 Information CA Dream Act Dream Act or FAFSA
California Dream Loan Getting Help Other Programs & Resources Expand Other Programs & Resources Americorps Awards Basic
Needs Initiatives College of Professional & Global Education (CPaGE) Pre-Health Post-Bac Program Student Loan Repayment
Teaching Credential Programs Submit Documents Online To best serve and support our students, we are now accepting
documents online through DocuSign! IMPORTANT NOTE: Electronic signatures validated by DocuSign are acceptable!
Otherwise, a scanned wet signature is required for forms or tax documents that have Student or Parent(s) signature
sections. Scanned images or legible photographs from a smartphone are highly encouraged but please combine all
documents as one PDF file when uploading onto DocuSign. Click on the link provided down below to begin the submission
process. ONLINE SUBMISSION LINK Submission Process FAQs How do I complete my financial aid forms online? Most of the
financial aid related items on a student's To Do List can be completed online through DocuSign. In order to begin this
process, please follow the steps as listed below: 1.) Log on to your SF State Gateway with your SF State Login 2.) Find
the To Do List section of your Gateway and click on any financial aid related items listed on there listed as
"Required" 3.) Select a To Do List item to open and read the item description. If it has the "Complete and sign online"
option, then the form can be completed online by clicking on the "HERE" link. NOTE: Please ignore the Due Date. There
is no hard deadline submission date. Students can submit their documents at any time. The earlier they submit it, the
earlier we can process their documents so that they can be awarded their financial aid package. 4.) After clicking the
link, enter your name and SF State E-mail to begin the online completion process. If the form requires Parent
information, you will be asked to enter their information as well so that they may receive an e-mail invite to sign the
form. IMPORTANT REMINDER: If a Parent does not complete their portion of the form, it will never transfer over to our
system and the item will remain in required status. 5.) Once the student and parent credentials are entered, the online
form will be accessible. Please make sure to do the following: Complete and review the form all the way through Attach
any additional documentation that is being required (Ex. Tax documents, written statements, etc.) Sign the form at the
end 6.) Select "Finish" option to successfully submit the form online How do I manually upload documents through
DocuSign? Some financial aid related items on a student's To Do List may not have an online completion option. This
means that the student will have to manually upload the document through DocuSign. In order to begin this process,
please follow the steps as listed below: 1.) Log on to your SF State Gateway with your SF State Login 2.) Find the
Launchpad section of your Gateway and click on the "FinAid Online Document Submission" 3.) Enter your name and SF State
E-mail in order to begin the manual upload process 4.) Continue to enter your personal credentials such as: SF State
ID# Full name SF State E-mail Phone Number 5.) Click on the paper clip icon so a file upload may be started IMPORTANT
NOTE: We highly recommend putting the name of the document you are uploading on the Description section just as it
appears on your the To Do List. 6.) Click on "Upload A File" to select the PDF document you want to upload 7.) If the
file says "Upload Complete" select "Done" option to confirm the file upload 8.) Review the document that was uploaded
by scrolling down the page to make sure that it has all the pages our office is asking for. Once you have confirmed the
document is ready, click on the "Finish" button How long will it take for my documents to be reviewed and cleared?
Document Status Guide Status Meaning Received The document has been successfully uploaded into our system Required The
document has not been uploaded into our system or the student has not submitted it Incomplete The document submitted by
the student has been uploaded into the system but is missing page(s). The student most likely was e-mailed regarding
this issue. If no e-mail was received, please check in with our office for the next steps IMPORTANT REMINDER: Please
allow 3 to 4 weeks for review and processing once ALL your documents have been received by our office. Check your SF
State e-mail frequently. If the Financial Aid Counselor assigned to your documents need additional information from
you, they will reach out to you through there. Once all the financial aid related items on your To Do List disappears,
that's your confirmation that you are ready to be awarded your financial aid package! You will be e-mailed directly
once the awards are available on your Student Center. Contact Email: finaid@sfsu.eduTelephone: (415) 338-7000
LocationOne Stop - Student Services Building 1600 Holloway AvenueSan Francisco, CA 94132 Office HoursMonday - Thursday
| 9:00 am - 5:00 pmFriday | 10:00 am - 5:00 pm Quick LinksFuture StudentsNews @ SF StateDocument Reader Accessibility
Equity & Community Inclusion Environment & Sustainability Privacy Policy Title IX San Francisco State University A
California State University Campus SF State Facebook SF State Twitter SF State Instagram SF State LinkedIn
 Title: Financial Aid Forms | San Francisco State University
 url: https://financialaid.sfsu.edu/financial-aid-forms 
 Financial Aid Forms | San Francisco State University Skip to main content SAN FRANCISCO STATE UNIVERSITY | Office of
Menu Main navigation Home How Financial Aid Works Expand How Financial Aid Works Submit Documents Online Financial Aid
Forms Fall 2024 Financial Aid Disbursement Summer 2024 Financial Aid Process Cost of Attendance Expand Cost of
Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of Financial Aid Expand Types Of Financial Aid Grants Loans Federal Work-Study
Scholarships Policies Expand Eligibility for Applying to Financial Aid Satisfactory Academic Progress (SAP) Withdrawing
from the University Verification Process AB 540 Information Expand AB 540 Information CA Dream Act Dream Act or FAFSA
California Dream Loan Getting Help Other Programs & Resources Expand Other Programs & Resources Americorps Awards Basic
Needs Initiatives College of Professional & Global Education (CPaGE) Pre-Health Post-Bac Program Student Loan Repayment
Teaching Credential Programs Financial Aid Forms IMPORTANT REMINDER: Please make sure all the documents are uploaded as
one PDF file in order to help minimize our processing times. Any financial aid forms should be submitted online through
DocuSign! Once the form is updated to "Received" status on a student's To Do List in their SF State Gateway, processing
time can take anywhere between 3 to 4 weeks. Please click on the link provided down below to begin the submission
process. ONLINE SUBMISSION LINK Financial Aid Forms Form Description Additional Unsubsidized Loan Request Form This
form is for Option #3 for "What happens if my Parent PLUS Loan is denied?" found on our Parent PLUS Loan page. The
additional Unsubsidized Loan amount is based on a student's academic level. Authorization To Release Information (FERPA
Form) This form overrides the Family Educational Rights & Privacy Act (FERPA) requirement and gives Parent(s) complete
access to their child's financial aid information here at SF State. IMPORTANT REMINDER: This form is for financial aid
purposes ONLY and not for other offices at SF State. Budget Increase Request Form This form is to request an increase
for a student's Cost Of Attendance (COA) based on specific circumstances. IMPORTANT REMINDER: This request does NOT
increase Grant or Federal Direct Loan eligibility. It can only increase Parent PLUS Loan, Graduate PLUS Loan, or
Alternative Loan amounts based on the COA increase. Financial Aid Change Request Form NOTE: For the 2024-2025 school
year (Fall 2024, Spring 2025, & Summer 2025) This form is to request changes in amounts to a student's Federal Direct
Loans, converting Federal Work-Study (FWS) to possible Direct Loan amounts, or accepting or cancelling a student's
financial aid awards on their behalf. Graduate PLUS Loan Change Request Form NOTE: For the 2024-2025 school year (Fall
2024, Spring 2025, & Summer 2025) This form is to request changes in amounts, accepting or cancelling a student's
Graduate PLUS Loan on their behalf. Housing Adjustment Form This form is to confirm a change with the student's living
arrangement for a specific school year or semester which can affect their Cost Of Attendance (COA). IMPORTANT REMINDER:
This form does NOT increase Grant or Federal Direct Loan eligibility. It can only increase Parent PLUS Loan, Graduate
PLUS Loan, or Alternative Loan amounts based on the possible COA adjustment. Parent PLUS Loan Change Request Form NOTE:
For the 2024-2025 school year (Fall 2024, Spring 2025, & Summer 2025) This form is to request changes in amounts,
accepting or cancelling a student's Parent PLUS Loan on the Parent(s) behalf. Satisfactory Academic Progress (SAP) Form
This form is for students who are out of compliance with our SAP policy. Students may appeal on a per semester basis
with the approval of our SAP Coordinator. 2024-2025 Special Circumstances Petition (SCP) Form NOTE: For the 2024-2025
school year (Fall 2024, Spring 2025, & Summer 2025) An Income Petition Request (Also known in our office as: Special
Circumstances Petition) is a financial aid appeal students and their families may take to communicate with our office
about financial or household changes that could not be reflected or explained on the FAFSA. IMPORTANT REMINDER: Only
Undergraduate students with a Student Aid Index (SAI) greater than 0 can be considered. Students with an SAI of -1500
or 0 are already being awarded the maximum Pell Grant amount. Unfortunately, AB 540 Dream students and Graduate
students also CANNOT submit this petition due to the limited financial aid options available to them. Unusual
Circumstances Form Formerly known as "Dependency Override Request." This form allows students who fall under specific
categories or living circumstances to appeal for Independent status for financial aid consideration apart from their
Parent(s) income. Per Federal regulations, any student aged 23 years old or younger are automatically considered by the
Department Of Education (DOE) as a "Dependent" to their Parent(s) for financial aid purposes. Contact Email:
finaid@sfsu.eduTelephone: (415) 338-7000 LocationOne Stop - Student Services Building 1600 Holloway AvenueSan
Francisco, CA 94132 Office HoursMonday - Thursday | 9:00 am - 5:00 pmFriday | 10:00 am - 5:00 pm Quick LinksFuture
StudentsNews @ SF StateDocument Reader Accessibility Equity & Community Inclusion Environment & Sustainability Privacy
Policy Title IX San Francisco State University A California State University Campus SF State Facebook SF State Twitter
SF State Instagram SF State LinkedIn
 Title: Dean's Scholarship | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/arts-sciences/graduate-admission/deans-scholarship 
 Dean's Scholarship | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Visit
usfca.edu Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Our Difference Mission &
Vision Our Leadership Our Faculty School News Our Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Professional
Certificates Research & Creative Achievement Centers & Institutes Undergraduate Teacher Education Center Autonomous
Vehicles & the City Initiative Facilities & Labs Innovation Hive Writing for a Real World School Life Undergraduate
Experience Graduate Experience Events Critical Diversity Studies Forum Global Feminist Forum Human Rights Film Festival
Davies Forum Graduate Admission How to Apply International Students Financial Aid Dean's Scholarship Tests & Scores
Program Contacts Info Sessions & Events Connect with a Current Student COLLEGE OF ARTS AND SCIENCES Dean's Scholarship
$15,000 to use toward tuition, research, and conference travel. Connect with other Dean's Scholarship recipients and
leaders across the College of Arts & Sciences. Serve as a program representative to USF donor initiatives to help
transform the lives of other USF students. Graduate Admission How to Apply International Students Financial Aid
Financial Aid Dean's Scholarship Tests & Scores Program Contacts Info Sessions & Events Connect with a Current Student
as refugees and migrants while growing up in West Africa, Eric took an interest in immigration issues from an early
age. He wishes to advocate for the rights of asylum seekers and migrants. Meet Eric Riya Bhandari, Energy Systems
to facilitate the execution of revolutionary science to find solutions to some of the world's most pressing problems,
Angeles and DJing on the side, Tiffani is the first in her family to graduate college. She hopes to become an expert in
government policy and anthropology relating to labor issues and rights. Meet Tiffani Evan Chan, Asia Pacific Studies
museums as a medium for telling stories and shaping public awareness of important issues. She wants to uplift voices
that have been underrepresented throughout history and share stories that have been suppressed by the dominant
collection or novel oriented around South Korean folklore and myths, but with a modern twist. Meet Matthew Damian
regularly hosted NFL watch parties for his extended family. He hopes to excel as an NFL agent, ultimately establishing
engineer. She hopes to contribute to products that can improve people's lives and change the world from here. Meet
in working closely with faculty and doing field work abroad is what led Claire to her graduate program. Her dream is to
San Francisco native who has been interested in local activism from a young age. He wants to solve poverty not just in
was his calling. He got his start in sports medicine, working as a hydration technician before eventually landing a
her skills in economic research and programming to better understand and develop solutions for urban, environmental,
I was a knowledge consumer; now, as a graduate student, I find myself in the exciting role of a knowledge producer, and
Leader in Your Field "With a community of nearly 1,000 graduate students across our 19 programs in the College of Arts
& Sciences, we rely on our dedicated faculty and staff to enhance and refine our programs to suit the current trends in
population, provide an additional spark, with their creativity and ingenuity, profiling excellence both in study and in
their future professions. While there are employment opportunities in industry, the technology sector, and in public
service, we help to position our graduates to become leaders in their field, proudly carrying our university mission of
recognizes a select group of incoming students in graduate programs, who the admission committees believe will make a
substantial contribution to the programs. Recipients are selected based on merit. To be considered for the Dean's
Scholarship, students must apply to their program by the program's priority deadline. Graduate Programs Site Footer
2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is
external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Graduate Admission
Careers at USF Contact Us Directory News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Bookstore Course Catalog Library Campus
Campus Safety Maps & Directions Title IX Virtual Tour Apply Give to USF Visit myUSF Consumer Information Privacy
 Title: Scholarships - Types of Aid | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/financial-aid/scholarships 
 Scholarships - Types of Aid | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search:
Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link)
Students Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents
for Change Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San
Francisco's University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus
Downtown San Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President &
Leadership Board of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics
Learn to Create Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs
Dual Degree Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support
Undergraduate Research Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions
Advising Graduate & Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates
Executive Education The San Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of
Arts & Sciences School of Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries
Admission & Aid Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates &
Deadlines Meet Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources
International Graduate Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price
Calculator Types of Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty &
Student Research Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies
Center for Teaching Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for
Catholic Social Thought & the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good
Innovation Labs Star Route Farms Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City
The Campus Experience Arts & Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student
Activities Student Employment Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing
Dining on Campus Career Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events TYPES OF AID Scholarships
scholarships for full-time undergraduate students because we know the importance of investing in you. This year, the
considered for merit scholarships, no separate application needed. Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid
Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Cost of Attendance Undergraduate Costs Graduate Costs Net Price Calculator
Types of Aid Types of Aid Federal & State Grants Federal Work-Study Loans Scholarships Scholarships Scholarships for
Outcomes REQUEST INFO Merit Scholarships for First-Year Students Merit scholarships for first-year students are awarded
based on your USF-calculated GPA in core academic subjects. Merit scholarships are renewable each year for up to four
years, as long as you maintain Satisfactory Academic Progress toward your degree. Fall 2024 first-year merit
scholarships Merit award* Amount University Scholarship $29,000 Presidential Scholarship $24,000 Provost Scholarship
$22,000 Hilltop Scholarship $20,000 Ignatius Scholarship $18,000 Dons Scholarship $16,000 *Merit scholarships can only
be applied to tuition. Students admitted to our Hilltop first-year nursing program are not included in the criteria
above; they are awarded a new Araoz Nursing Scholarship in the amount of $24,000. Scholarships for Transfer Students
Image USF offers merit scholarships, Phi Theta Kappa honor society scholarships, and scholarships for students
transferring from select community colleges in the Bay Area.See our Transfer Scholarships Merit Scholarships for
International Students Merit scholarships for first-year students are awarded based on your USF-calculated GPA in core
academic subjects. Merit scholarships are renewable each year for up to four years, as long as you maintain
Satisfactory Academic Progress toward your degree. Fall 2024 international first-year merit scholarships Merit award
Scholarship 3.85 - 3.94 $22,000 Hilltop Scholarship 3.7 - 3.84 $20,000 Ignatius Scholarship 3.45 - 3.69 $18,000 Dons
$17,000 3.50 - 3.74 $14,000 3.20 - 3.49 $11,000 2.90 - 3.19 $8,000 Unfortunately, USF does not offer full tuition
scholarships for international students, and international students are not eligible for need-based financial aid.
Jesuit high school, you are eligible to receive a $5,000 annual scholarship toward the cost of tuition, renewable for
up to four years (three years if you are a transfer student), provided you maintain satisfactory academic progress each
semester. Learn more about the Chancellor's Award Need-based Scholarships USF offers additional institutional grants
and scholarships to students who have demonstrated financial need. To be eligible, you must submit a FAFSA (U.S.
citizens) or CA Dream Act application (for undocumented or eligible non-citizens) by their required deadlines. These
additional grants can be used for tuition only. Athletic Scholarships Athletic scholarships are offered for
Please call the Athletic Department at (415) 422-6891 for more information. Army ROTC Scholarships Army ROTC offers
four-, three- and two-year scholarships that pay full tuition costs plus an annual stipend for books and supplies.
Learn how to apply for Army ROTC scholarships. Please call the Recruiting Operations Officer Aubrey Cubilo at (415) 422
-2562 or email at acubilo@usfca.edu for more information. Outside Scholarships With research and advance planning, you
can apply for additional scholarships offered by other companies, foundations, or organizations. These scholarships can
help reduce your cost of attendance. Learn more about pursuing outside scholarships. Office of Financial Aid Main
Campus financialaid@usfca.edu (415) 422-3387 Lone Mountain Main 2032800 Turk Blvd.San Francisco, CA 94118 Hours Monday
Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link
is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News &
Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety
University of San Francisco
 Title: International Cost of Attendance & Scholarships - International Students | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/admission/undergraduate/international-cost-scholarship 
 International Cost of Attendance & Scholarships - International Students | University of San Francisco Skip to Content
Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni
Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our
Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New
Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our
Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License
Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the
President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs
Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate
Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement
Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate & Professional Experience The Graduate Experience
Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic
Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of Education School of Law School of Management School
of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students
International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate
Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial
Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF
Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art &
Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social
Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought & the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for
Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism
& Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts & Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness
Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop
Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News
Admission International Students International Cost of Attendance There are additional financial requirements for
international students. Make sure you know what to include in your application. Undergraduate Admission First-Year
Students First-Year Students What We Look For AP / IB / College Credit Test Optional ED / EA / RD First-Year Class
Profile First-Year Nursing Admission Transfer Students Transfer Students Transfer Credit Transferable Course Agreements
Nursing Transfer Requirements Engineering Transfer Requirements International Students International Students
International First-Year Students International Transfer Students English Language Proficiency International Cost of
Attendance Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet Your Admission Team Meet Your Admission Team Admission Counselors Student
Ambassadors Admission Events Admission Events Event Recordings REQUEST INFO HOW TO APPLY Visit USF REQUEST APPLY Visit
Estimated Cost of Attendance The estimated cost of attendance includes tuition and fees, housing and meals, health
insurance, books, travel, and personal expenses. Learn more about undergraduate cost of attendance. Certification of
Finances that shows your ability to pay for your first year at USF. Once you have applied to USF, please log in to your
Dons Status Page to complete the USF Certification of Finances form and your supporting financial documents. Documents
are not issued in English. Bank statement(s) must show money held in checking, savings, certificates of deposit, or
money market accounts. Stock/investment/retirement accounts, lines of credit, and income/tax statements cannot be
accepted as proof of available funding. Scholarships provided by your government or other agencies can be used for the
Certification of Finances. Please include a scholarship document or letter provided by the government or agency. If you
are intending to study at USF on a different visa (e.g. E-2, H-4, R-2, etc.), please email a copy of your visa to
amount increases slightly every year. Applicants with a strong academic profile may receive merit scholarships ranging
up to $29,000 USD (first-year students) or $17,000 (transfer students) annually. Your USF Certification of Finances
must show proof of funding to support your cost of attendance. Merit Scholarships Merit scholarships for first-year
students are awarded based on your USF-calculated GPA in core academic subjects. Merit scholarships are renewable each
year for up to four years, as long as you maintain Satisfactory Academic Progress toward your degree. Fall 2024
Presidential Scholarship 3.95 - 4.00 $24,000 Provost Scholarship 3.85 - 3.94 $22,000 Hilltop Scholarship 3.7 - 3.84
$20,000 Ignatius Scholarship 3.45 - 3.69 $18,000 Dons Scholarship 3.0 - 3.44 $16,000 USF automatically considers all
transfer applicants for merit scholarships. These merit scholarships are determined by your transfer GPA at the time of
$8,000 Unfortunately, USF does not offer full tuition scholarships for international students, and international
students are not eligible for need-based financial aid. Financial Aid for U.S. Citizens and Permanent Residents If you
are a U.S. citizen or permanent resident, you are eligible to apply for financial aid. Institute of International
Education Scholarship Directory Funding for US Study Online is a database of scholarships, fellowships, and grants
organized by the Institute of International Education (IIE). International Admission Main Campus
international@usfca.edu (415) 422-6563 Lone Mountain Main 2512800 Turk Blvd.San Francisco, CA 94118 Hours Monday -
Friday: 8:30 a.m. - 5 p.m. Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA
94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external)
Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media
Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title
of San Francisco
 Title: Financing Your Education - School of Nursing and Health Professions | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/nursing/admission-aid/financing-your-education 
 Financing Your Education - School of Nursing and Health Professions | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu
Search Enter a Search Term Search: Visit usfca.edu Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics
Alumni Giving Our Difference Mission, Vision & Values Our People Our Leadership Our Faculty Alumni San Francisco
Advantage Accreditation News Offices & Services Employment 70 Years Anniversary 70 Stories of Impact Our History &
Sisters of Mercy Our Programs Undergraduate Programs Nursing, BSN Public Health, BS Graduate Programs Clinical
Psychology, PsyD Family Nurse Practitioner, DNP Nursing, MSN Psychiatric Mental Health Nurse Practitioner, DNP Public
Health, MPH Health Systems Leadership, DNP Engagement & Impact Simulation Center & Clinical Skills Lab Clinical Skills
Lab Simulation Center Service Abroad & Immersion Programs Preceptor Program School Life Events Crawford Lecture
Organizations & Activities Admission & Aid Application Deadlines Financing Your Education International Students
Request Information Undocumented Students & DACA ADMISSIONS Financing Your Education Home School of Nursing and Health
Professions Admission & Aid Financing Your Education A graduate education is a significant investment in your future.
The School of Nursing and Health Professions (SONHP) is proud to offer a variety of ways to assist in funding your
education. The first step in applying for financial aid at USF is to submit your Free Application for Federal Student
Aid (FAFSA). There is no FAFSA deadline for graduate students but students are encouraged to start the Free Application
for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) as early as possible. The FAFSA code for the University of San Francisco (USF) is
001325. APPLY FOR FAFSA All USF financial aid awards and scholarships will require the completion of a FAFSA. Please
Professions offers a number of scholarships and funding options. Most scholarships are awarded on the basis of
financial need which will be determined by the completion of a Scholarship Application at the time of application to a
graduate program or by a continuing student's completion during the Fall of each academic year. A limited number of
scholarships will also be awarded on the basis of merit. The following information describes funding resources that may
be useful to your graduate studies. School of Nursing & Health Professions Scholarships Applicants need to apply by the
This scholarship provides multi-semester awards for students in SONHP graduate programs who demonstrate outstanding
experience or potential in the following areas: academics, commitment to social justice and community service, and
leadership. Scholarships can range from $2000-$4000 in the first year. Social Justice Scholarship - The Social Justice
Scholarship is awarded to a limited number of outstanding MPH program applicants committed to public health as social
justice and the ethical goal of protecting the health of the public. This one-time award will be applied towards the
admission decision process. Elissondo Research Scholarship - This fund provides up to $300 per student upon request in
support of a professional development opportunity. Yellow Ribbon Program - The Yellow Ribbon GI Education Enhancement
Program (Yellow Ribbon Program) is a provision of the Post-9/11 (Chapter 33) that allows veterans to attend private
schools and graduate programs costing more than the state tuition cap. The Yellow Ribbon program will cover all SONHP
graduate programs. Awards will be made on a first come, first-served basis.VISIT VETERAN AFFAIRS International Student
Aid - International students are eligible for the Health Professions International Student Scholarship. Awarded funds
can range from $2,000-$5,000. Return to USF on aDouble Dons Scholarship Continue your USF journey in one of our
Non-Citizens U.S. Citizens and U.S. Permanent Residents are eligible for a Federal Stafford Loan of $20,500 for each
year of graduate studies. In addition, the Federal Grad PLUS Loan program covers remaining tuition and living expenses.
Apply for U.S. federal student loans (Stafford and Grad Plus) at FAFSA. Start your Free Application for Federal Student
Aid (FAFSA) as early as possible. The loan process takes up to 8 weeks. You can accept all, part, or none of the
federal loan offered to you. There is no FAFSA deadline for graduate students. The FAFSA code for the University of San
Francisco (USF) is 001325. FAFSA - APPLY NOW VIEW CURRENT INTEREST RATES Financial Aid for Undocumented Students
Although undocumented students do not have legal U.S. immigration status, which prevents them from receiving state (Cal
Grant) and federal (FAFSA) financial aid, USF is committed to supporting all students regardless of the identities they
hold. The School of Nursing and Health Professions has several scholarship opportunities for applicants that are
granted based on need and merit. Candidates are eligible to apply for scholarships upon submission of their application
for admission. Your application will be handled with the utmost confidentiality and care. For questions regarding the
application process, please contact Patrik Donahue, at pdonahue@usfca.edu. USF has joined with the Association of
Jesuit Colleges and Universities to express their unwavering support for Undocumented students. If you would like to
read the full Association of Jesuit Colleges and Universities statement please visit the following link: AJCU
President's Statement. The list below consists of some internal and external scholarships and resources such as search
databases available to undocumented students: USF Jesuit Community Magis Endowed Scholarship for Undocumented/DACA
Graduate Students - The USF Jesuit community offers scholarships to undocumented graduate students with a maximum of
$1,000 awarded. Deadline: Rolling Paul & Daisy Soros Fellowships for New Americans - Supports 30 New Americans,
immigrants or the children of immigrants, who are pursuing graduate school in the United States. Each Fellowship
supports one to two years of graduate study in any field and in any advanced degree-granting program in the United
States. Deadline: 10/29/20 Manos De Esperanza Scholarship - The Manos de Esperanza organization grants scholarships to
students that have a history of performing public service activities in their communities and who plan on contributing
in the future. Students who demonstrate excellent leadership skills are highly encouraged to apply. Deadline: 6/30/20
MPOWER Global Citizen Scholarship - For international students or DACA students who are currently enrolled or accepted
to study full-time degree programs at a school MPOWER supports. The scholarship award ranges from $1,000-$3,000.
Deadline: December 31, 2020 ADDITIONAL RESOURCES FOR UNDOCUMENTED STUDENTS External Scholarship Opportunities and
Financial Resources Public Health Grants and Scholarships: A list of scholarships for current and prospective graduate
students in Public Health SOPHE Student Member Fellowships and Awards: The Society of Public Health Education offers a
variety of awards, fellowships, and scholarships to students. This site has a list of all funding opportunities and
detailed information unique to each award. Lynn Adamson Memorial Scholarship (Graduate Level): The Women Health Care
Executives (WHCE) awards this scholarship to a female graduate student dedicated to a health related career. This award
is based solely on merit, and is worth $5,000 in addition to a one-year complimentary WHCE membership. National Health
Services Corp: The National Health Service Corps Scholarship Program (NHSC SP) awards scholarships to students pursuing
eligible primary care health professions training who in return, can commit to provide primary care, or mental health
services in Health Professional Shortage Areas (HPSAs). The total number of years you serve will depend on the number
of school years of NHSC SP support you received. (This cannot exceed four school years.) Gates Millennium Scholarship
Program: This program is intended for academically outstanding minority students with significant financial need, with
a purpose of increasing representation of these target groups in computer science, education, engineering, library
science, mathematics, public health, and the sciences, among disciples where these groups are underrepresented. P.E.O
International Peace Scholarship (ISP): This need-based scholarship was established in 1949, and is available to
needs. Erin Aaberg Givans Memorial Scholarship: This scholarship is available to students pursuing an MPH at a
California University, with interest in pediatric health policy and access to quality health care for children and
youth. The foundation is Sacramento based. Apply for the scholarship here. Chicana Latina Foundation: Merit-based
scholarships are awarded to 30-40 powerful Chicana/Latina students each year. This scholarship is designated for
undergraduate or graduate students who are residents of several Northern California counties. Hispanic Health
Professional Student Scholarship: The 2019 National Hispanic Health Professional Scholarship is open to any student
enrolled full time in health professional programs, including, Public Health/policy and Nursing. Applicants are not
required to be Hispanic; an affinity for the health of Hispanic communities and an interest in participating in NHHF
Scholars Alumni activities is required. In addition, U.S citizens, permanent residents, or Deferred Action for
Childhood Arrivals (DACA) are eligible to apply. PixelPlex Bi-Annual STEM Scholarship: This scholarship was established
to help support and inspire students to pursue further education in the fields of science, technology, engineering and
math (STEM), as well as economics and business. One student will be chosen from the applicant pool and will be awarded
based on the strength of their written essay. The selected student will receive 2,000 USD to help cover
education-related expenses. Healthcare Leadership Scholarship: Healthgrad.com offers annual Healthcare Leadership
Scholarships for deserving students pursuing a degree in healthcare. This merit-based scholarship is awarded in the
Spring, and designated for any student currently enrolled in a healthcare related undergraduate, graduate, or Doctoral
program. Barbara B. Watson National Scholarship: The American College of Medical Practice Executives (ACMPE)
scholarship fund supports individuals who hold a current position or have future career plans that will demonstrate
student member of MGMA and must be enrolled in an undergraduate or graduate degree program relevant to medical practice
management, including public health, business administration, healthcare administration and other related areas.
Central California Asian Pacific Women Scholarship: These scholarships provide financial assistance to Asian and
Pacific Islander (API) women pursuing higher education from the following counties: Fresno, Kern, Kings, Madera,
Merced, San Joaquin, Stanislaus, or Tulare County. Applicants will be evaluated based on the following priorities but
not limited to: First-generation student, academic achievement, leadership, contribution to the API community, and
ethnic diversity. Applicants must be an entering/continuing undergraduate, entering/continuing graduate, or re-entry
student in a post-secondary educational institution (i.e. vocational programs, trade school, college, university,
etc.). Resources for Undocumented Students The Hispanic Health Professional Student Scholarship E4FC Hispanic
Scholarship Fund HS Finder Scholarship Search Fastweb Scholarship Search MALDEF Scholarship Salef Scholarship WACAC
subject to change and more information can be found about tuition and graduate student fees on the university tuition
and fees schedule. In addition to tuition, there are fees for graduate students, including mandatory health insurance
and Associate Graduate Students of USF (AGSUSF) annually. USF Financial Services At USF, we are dedicated to helping
admitted students through the financial aid process and helping find the best solution for you, your situation, and
your needs. We understand the financial aid process can be daunting for many students and families, so we strive to
make it as smooth as possible. If you can't find what you're looking for, please Contact Financial Services for
assistance. Site Footer 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is
external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is
external) Connect Careers at USF Contact Us Directory News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Bookstore Course Catalog
Library Campus Campus Safety Maps & Directions Title IX Virtual Tour Apply Give to USF Visit myUSF Consumer Information
 Title: Scholarships & Tuition - Business Administration - Full Time, MBA | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/management/programs/graduate/mba/full-time/tuition-scholarships 
 Scholarships & Tuition - Business Administration - Full Time, MBA | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu
Search Enter a Search Term Search: Visit usfca.edu Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics
Alumni Giving Our Difference Mission & Vision Our Leadership Our Faculty Accreditation Locations School News From the
Dean's Desk Our Programs Undergraduate Programs Accounting, BSBA Business Analytics Entrepreneurship & Innovation, BSBA
Finance Hospitality Management International Business Management Management, BAM Degree Continuation Marketing Graduate
Programs Entrepreneurship and Innovation, MS Information Systems, MS Marketing Intelligence, MS MBA Programs
Organization Development, MS Executive Education Business Analytics Certified Customer Success Manager Courses
Corporate Innovation Custom Programs Silicon Valley Immersion Engagement & Impact Gellert Family Business Center Malloy
Group for Organizational Science Consulting School Life Undergraduate Life Graduate Life Graduate Career Services The
Office of Student Success and Engagement USF Bloomberg Lab Graduate Admission & Aid How To Apply International
Applicants Transfer Applicants Deadlines Financial Aid MBA Referral Scholarship Events FAQ Business Administration -
MBA Scholarships & Tuition Tuition estimates are based on the number of units required by each program and may vary
according to the number of classes in which a student is enrolled. The Academic year includes fall, intersession, and
spring. All tuition rates are subject to change. Business Administration - Full-Time, MBA Business Administration -
Full-Time, MBA Program Overview Career Accelerator Platforms Faculty Experiential Learning Student Experience Career
Outcomes Scholarships & Tuition REQUEST INFO APPLY NOW REQUEST APPLY VISIT Merit Scholarships Merit scholarships are
awarded to students who have demonstrated superior academic and/or professional achievements, and outstanding talent or
commitment to extracurricular activities, community service, leadership, entrepreneurship. Merit Scholars should also
fully embody the USF mission to change the world for the better. The University of San Francisco School of Management
greatly values diversity and offers merit scholarships to applicants from regions and countries around the globe that
embrace regular interaction with different cultures and societies. View full list of merit scholarships MBA Referral
Scholarship As a member of our community you are invited to refer potential candidates to our EMBA and MBA Programs.
Those who get referred will not only benefit from the high-quality education and networking opportunities, they will
also benefit with a reduced cost of attendance. There is no limit to the number of referrals that can be made. Make a
Referral School of Management MBA Scholarships The USF School of Management offers a number of partial-tuition
scholarships to its MBA applicants. Please complete the scholarship statement portion of the application and address
your unique qualifications for these awards. Please contact us for more information. Albert & Sophie Yu Scholarship
Established by generous donation from Sophie and Albert Yu. Mr. Yu is the former publisher of the China Times, the
fourth largest newspaper in Taiwan. Mr. Yu was a founding member of the McLaren International Executive Advisory Board.
The Albert & Sophie Yu Scholarship is awarded to an MBA student with an interest in Asian studies, particularly in
socioeconomic issues. Bernard Martin Scholarship Established in 1986 by generous donation of friends and colleagues of
Dean Bernard Martin upon his retirement. Bernard Martin was Dean of the USF McLaren College of Business from 1978 to
1986. Dr. Martin received his Master of Arts in History in 1950 and his MBA in 1955 from Xavier University in
Cincinnati, Ohio and his PhD from the University of Cincinnati in 1963 and a PhD honoris causa from Canisius College in
Buffalo, NY in 1978. Please address your interest in receiving your graduate business degree from a Jesuit institution
in the scholarship essay portion of the online application. Cassou-Shan Endowed Scholarship Established by generous
donation from Mr. and Mrs. Cassou and Dr. and Mrs. Shan, an annual Cassou-Shan Endowed Scholarship is awarded to an MBA
student who has demonstrated unique promise, exceptional intelligence, and outstanding personal discipline. Laura D.
Sypin Memorial Scholarship The Laura D. Sypin Memorial Scholarship is awarded to a female MBA student who is currently
employed or who wishes to re-enter the workplace by earning an MBA degree. The USF School of Management is an advocate
for women in business, please describe how an MBA will impact not just you but other women looking to enhance their
careers. Litvak Social Innovation Scholarship Honoring the lifetime work of Lawrence Litvak, a leader in the managing,
financing and governing of organizations pursuing social change, the Litvak Social Innovation Scholarship is awarded to
Full-Time MBA student(s) of underrepresented backgrounds - African American, Hispanic and Latino, interested in social
innovation. Recipients are engaged in building businesses and organizations in the social innovation and
entrepreneurship space, and are required to participate in an Innovation Project in the MBA program. Please be sure to
address your background and leadership trajectory in line with social entrepreneurship and innovation in the
scholarship essay portion of the online application. MBA Alumni Scholarship The MBA Alumni Scholarship is awarded to
outstanding female MBA student(s) from California. National Society of Hispanic MBAs (NSHMBA) Scholarship The NSHMBA
Scholarship is awarded to a Full-Time MBA student who is of Hispanic heritage or has a demonstrated commitment to the
Hispanic community. Richard Puntillo First Generation Scholarship Established by generous donation from Richard D.
Puntillo, Professor Emeritus, an expert witness in numerous litigation matters involving initial public offerings
(IPOs), mergers and acquisitions (M&A) transactions, venture capital, and private equity deals. Professor Puntillo used
his personal experiences when teaching corporate financial decision making, giving his students the opportunity and
financial tools to become more successful, responsible business professionals. The Richard Puntillo First Generation
Scholarship is awarded to an MBA student who is in the first generation of his or her family to attend college, with
priority given to students who completed their undergraduate business education at USF. Robert J. Smith Memorial
Rehabilitation Scholarship The Robert J. Smith Memorial Rehabilitation Scholarship is awarded to an MBA student.
Originally dedicated to those pursuing rehabilitation careers, this scholarship is now available to MBA students driven
to change the world through the betterment of self and their community. Women's Advancement Scholarship The Women's
Advancement Scholarship is based on both merit and financial need, with a preference given to women pursuing careers in
management and leadership who will help to shape a more just and humane world without gender bias. Graduate Admission &
Aid We are committed to providing you with excellent educational opportunities and assisting your in meeting the cost
of a private education. Financial Aid Tuition Site Footer 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-6771
Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is
external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Careers at USF Contact Us Directory News & Media Academics Academic
Calendar Bookstore Course Catalog Library Campus Campus Safety Maps & Directions Title IX Virtual Tour Apply Give to
 Title: Don Reid Sogang University Scholarship | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/center-for-asia-pacific-studies/fellowships/don-reid-sogang-scholarship 
 Don Reid Sogang University Scholarship | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term
Search: Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu
Link) Students Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots
Agents for Change Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San
Francisco's University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus
Downtown San Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President &
Leadership Board of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics
Learn to Create Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs
Dual Degree Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support
Undergraduate Research Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions
Advising Graduate & Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates
Executive Education The San Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of
Arts & Sciences School of Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries
Admission & Aid Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates &
Deadlines Meet Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources
International Graduate Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price
Calculator Types of Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty &
Student Research Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies
Center for Teaching Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for
Catholic Social Thought & the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good
Innovation Labs Star Route Farms Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City
The Campus Experience Arts & Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student
Activities Student Employment Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing
Dining on Campus Career Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events CENTER FOR ASIA PACIFIC
Pacific Studies Fellowships and Awards Don Reid Sogang University Scholarship The USF Center for Asia Pacific Studies
is excited to announce the call for applications for the inaugural cohort of The Don Reid Sogang University
Scholarship. Center for Asia Pacific Studies About the Center Asia Pacific Perspectives Asia Pacific Perspectives
Publish with Us Staff & Faculty Fellowships and Awards Fellowships and Awards Asian Studies Merit Fellowship Bridging
the Pacific Essay Contest Don Reid Sogang University Scholarship Asia Bridge Fellowships 2nd Year Merit Fellowships
Summer Stipend Postdoctoral Fellowship Kiriyama Professor Visiting Scholars Advisory Committee Email Sign Up Subscribe
Antonio Gomez '25 International Studies Major Immerse Yourself in Asia Pacific From thorough and immersive tellings of
Korean history to unique opportunities to engage with interdisciplinary studies, a summer at Sogang University gave me
a new perspective to consider the Asia Pacific." Antonio Gomez '25 International Studies Major The Don Reid Scholarship
will send up to 4 current USF students from the College of Arts and Sciences to Seoul, South Korea to participate in
International Summer Program is a four-week program designed for students who want to improve their conversational
Korean skills and knowledge of Korean culture and history. This merit-based scholarship will award successful
economy class airfare to Seoul (up to $1500 max) Ground Transportation (to and from airport in Seoul) Lodging in Sogang
international health insurance for the duration of the program Yan Chen '27 Psychology Major Experience Seoul to its
Fullest We were given every opportunity to experience Seoul to its fullest, whether it was through language learning,
immersive trips, or afternoons with new friends. From trips to historic sites like Gyeongbokgung Palace to an afternoon
at Everland amusement park, we never had a dull moment in Korea." Yan Chen '27 Psychology Major Eligibility To apply,
students must be currently enrolled in the College of Arts and Sciences as: Undergraduate Students: Rising sophomores,
juniors, and seniors for the fall 2024 semester Graduate Students: 2nd-year students for the fall 2024 semester
Scholarship Requirements Scholarship Awards are contingent upon students being accepted into the Sogang International
Summer Program Students are required to take 2 courses at Sogang Important Dates and Deadlines Program Dates: July 1st
- Jul 26, 2024 Scholarship Application Deadline: Feb. 26, 2024 at 12pm Faculty Recommendation Form Deadline: Feb. 26,
2024 In-person interviews: Early March Scholarship Awards Announced: March 11, 2024 Sogang International Summer Program
Application Deadline: by March 18th (Space is limited so students are encouraged to apply earlier if possible. Note
are encouraged to apply before this date, ideally by the last week of March) To Apply Complete the Don Reid Sogang
centerasiapacific@usfca.edu by Monday, February 26, 2024 at 5pm: A current transcript from USF (unofficial copies are
acceptable) A list of any courses currently in progress Elizabeth Strout '25 English Major Explore Different
Perspectives Through the Don Reid Scholarship, I had the opportunity to visit Asia and study abroad for the first time.
In a fresh linguistic and cultural context, I learned new perspectives that nurtured a deeper understanding of my world
and self." Elizabeth Strout '25 English Major Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San
Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link
is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News &
Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety
University of San Francisco
 Title: MBA Referral Scholarship - School of Management | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/management/graduate-admission-aid/financial-aid/mba-referral-scholarship 
 MBA Referral Scholarship - School of Management | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a
Search Term Search: Visit usfca.edu Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving
Our Difference Mission & Vision Our Leadership Our Faculty Accreditation Locations School News From the Dean's Desk Our
Programs Undergraduate Programs Accounting, BSBA Business Analytics Entrepreneurship & Innovation, BSBA Finance
Hospitality Management International Business Management Management, BAM Degree Continuation Marketing Graduate
Programs Entrepreneurship and Innovation, MS Information Systems, MS Marketing Intelligence, MS MBA Programs
Organization Development, MS Executive Education Business Analytics Certified Customer Success Manager Courses
Corporate Innovation Custom Programs Silicon Valley Immersion Engagement & Impact Gellert Family Business Center Malloy
Group for Organizational Science Consulting School Life Undergraduate Life Graduate Life Graduate Career Services The
Office of Student Success and Engagement USF Bloomberg Lab Graduate Admission & Aid How To Apply International
Applicants Transfer Applicants Deadlines Financial Aid MBA Referral Scholarship Events FAQ MASAGUNG GRADUATE SCHOOL OF
Scholarship The best ways to spread the word about the MBA programs is through the MBA community. Graduate Admission &
Aid How To Apply How To Apply International Applicants Transfer Applicants Deadlines Financial Aid Financial Aid MBA
Referral Scholarship Events FAQ As a member of our community you are invited to refer potential candidates to our EMBA
and MBA Programs. Those who get referred will not only benefit from the high-quality education and networking
opportunities, they will also benefit with a reduced cost of attendance. How It Works Refer a friend, family member, or
colleague who may be interested in pursuing an MBA or EMBA degree in the Masagung Graduate School of Management. If
they apply and are accepted into our EMBA program, they will receive a $5,000 tuition credit toward their first
semester. If they apply to the Part-Time MBA program and are accepted, then a $2,500 credit will be applied to their
first semester. Requirements Only new incoming students are eligible for the referral scholarship. Referrals must be
submitted prior to the student's application and not valid for the enrolled students. The scholarship award is valid
for referred students for the semester they apply. USF employees and their spouses and dependents are not eligible for
this award. There is no limit to the number of referrals that can be made! To make a referral, simply complete the
referral form. Alternatively, the applicant's contact information can be sent to Imelda Guzman De Anda at
iguzmandeanda@usfca.edu. We thank you for your participation in the Masagung MBA community. Make A Referral Site Footer
2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-6771 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is
external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Careers at USF
Contact Us Directory News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Bookstore Course Catalog Library Campus Campus Safety
Maps & Directions Title IX Virtual Tour Apply Give to USF Visit myUSF Consumer Information Privacy Statement Web
 Title: Scholarships - Nursing, BSN | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/nursing/programs/undergraduate/nursing/scholarships 
 Scholarships - Nursing, BSN | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search:
Visit usfca.edu Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Our Difference
Mission, Vision & Values Our People Our Leadership Our Faculty Alumni San Francisco Advantage Accreditation News
Offices & Services Employment 70 Years Anniversary 70 Stories of Impact Our History & Sisters of Mercy Our Programs
Undergraduate Programs Nursing, BSN Public Health, BS Graduate Programs Clinical Psychology, PsyD Family Nurse
Practitioner, DNP Nursing, MSN Psychiatric Mental Health Nurse Practitioner, DNP Public Health, MPH Health Systems
Leadership, DNP Engagement & Impact Simulation Center & Clinical Skills Lab Clinical Skills Lab Simulation Center
Service Abroad & Immersion Programs Preceptor Program School Life Events Crawford Lecture Organizations & Activities
Admission & Aid Application Deadlines Financing Your Education International Students Request Information Undocumented
Programs Nursing, BSN Nursing, BSN Nursing, BSN Program Overview Clinical Nurse Leader (4+1), BSN/MSN Careers Faculty
Scholarships Admission Request Apply Visit REQUEST APPLY VISIT Scholarships The School of Nursing and Health
programs are designed to support students who have been traditionally underrepresented in higher education (e.g.,
Black/African American, Latinx, Native American, Alaskan and Hawaiian Native, Cambodian, Hmong, and Vietnamese
students). Song Brown Grant This grant from the California Office of Statewide Health Planning and Development is
designed to increase the number of nursing students trained in areas of unmet need in the state. Funds are awarded to
schools who have successfully recruited, retained, and graduated students who are underrepresented in the health
professions and are working in medically underserved, rural, and primary care venues after graduation. Scholarship
amount: Awards are $2,500 per semester/$5,000 per year. A total of 18 scholarships were awarded for the 2020-21
academic year. Who can apply: Current full-time nursing students who identify as one of the underrepresented groups
listed above, with an overall GPA of 2.9 or higher. Additional consideration is given to first-generation college
students. How to apply: Applicants complete a one-page essay describing why they should be considered for the
scholarship, submit unofficial transcripts, and interview for the award. Applications open in July for the 2021-22
school year. If selected, students must agree to be followed after graduation until they have passed the NCLEX and
found employment as a registered nurse. Contact Dr. Angela Banks, RN, PhD for more information. HRSA Scholarship This
$3.25 million grant from the U.S. Human Resources and Services Administration will provide 25 nursing students with
scholarships through June 30, 2025. Recipients will be supported from recruitment and college entrance through their
nursing degrees, with the goal of increasing diversity and the number of healthcare professionals working in medically
underserved communities and primary care venues. This grant aims to recruit and retain students who have faced
economic, environmental, or educational disadvantages, with a priority focus on African American, Latinx, and
Vietnamese students in these circumstances. Scholarship amount: Awards are $13,000 per semester/$26,000 per year. Who
can apply: Current and incoming full-time nursing students who identify as one of the underrepresented groups listed
above, with an overall GPA of 2.9 or higher. Students must have at least two semesters remaining in the nursing program
and have at least $26,000 in unmet financial need to qualify. How to apply: Students who qualify for the program will
receive an email inviting them to apply. As part of the application, students complete two short essays describing
their circumstances and how the funds will help them become a registered nurse. If selected, recipients must reapply
for funding each year and maintain a GPA of 2.9 or higher each semester to continue receiving the scholarship funds.
They also must enter a mentoring program, meet monthly with their mentor, and be willing to work in a medically
underserved community, rural, or primary care setting after graduation. Contact Dr. Angela Banks, RN, PhD for more
information. Estimated Costs Information regarding your undergraduate tuition rate is available on the undergraduate
admission website. If you have any questions regarding tuition, feel free to contact Student Enrollment Services.
Undergraduate Student Costs Financial Aid USF offers a wide range of financial aid to all undergraduates, including
institutional grants, merit scholarships, loans and federal work-study. Your eligibility can depend on your academic
achievement or family financial need. Learn More About Financial Aid Site Footer 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA
94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external)
Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Careers at USF Contact Us Directory News & Media
Academics Academic Calendar Bookstore Course Catalog Library Campus Campus Safety Maps & Directions Title IX Virtual
of San Francisco
 Title: Financial Aid - Graduate Admission - School of Management | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/management/graduate-admission-aid/financial-aid 
 Financial Aid - Graduate Admission - School of Management | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search
Enter a Search Term Search: Visit usfca.edu Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni
Giving Our Difference Mission & Vision Our Leadership Our Faculty Accreditation Locations School News From the Dean's
Desk Our Programs Undergraduate Programs Accounting, BSBA Business Analytics Entrepreneurship & Innovation, BSBA
Finance Hospitality Management International Business Management Management, BAM Degree Continuation Marketing Graduate
Programs Entrepreneurship and Innovation, MS Information Systems, MS Marketing Intelligence, MS MBA Programs
Organization Development, MS Executive Education Business Analytics Certified Customer Success Manager Courses
Corporate Innovation Custom Programs Silicon Valley Immersion Engagement & Impact Gellert Family Business Center Malloy
Group for Organizational Science Consulting School Life Undergraduate Life Graduate Life Graduate Career Services The
Office of Student Success and Engagement USF Bloomberg Lab Graduate Admission & Aid How To Apply International
Applicants Transfer Applicants Deadlines Financial Aid MBA Referral Scholarship Events FAQ MASAGUNG GRADUATE SCHOOL OF
MANAGEMENT Financial Aid Home School of Management Graduate Admission & Aid Financial Aid Graduate Admission & Aid How
To Apply How To Apply International Applicants Transfer Applicants Deadlines Financial Aid Financial Aid MBA Referral
Scholarship Events FAQ Request Info Apply Now REQUEST APPLY We offer you a variety of partial tuition scholarships to
domestic and international students. U.S. Citizens and Permanent Residents are eligible for low-interest loans offered
by the U.S. federal student loan program. For information on federal student loans, visit www.fafsa.ed.gov, or contact
the USF Financial Aid Office at (415) 422-2020 or financialaid@usfca.edu. You may also wish to visit the USF Financial
aid website. The USF school code for FAFSA is 001325. We recommend that you submit your FAFSA as early as possible,
even before an admission decision is made. External Resources For Domestic Students FAFSA - Federal and State grants,
work-study and loan California Student Aid Commission - making education affordable US Department of Education
finaid.org - The Smart Student Guide to Financial Aid Sallie Mae - Nobody lends you more support. National Association
of Student Financial Aid Administrators - Both grants and loans available MoneyGeek.com - Paying for College guide
Scholarships Please review the scholarship descriptions below to determine scholarship eligibility and complete the
scholarship essay found in the online application to indicate for which of these scholarships you believe you are
qualified and why. The majority of scholarship award notifications are included in the official acceptance package. It
is important to apply to a graduate program early to receive full consideration for these scholarships. Please complete
the scholarship statement portion of the application and address your unique qualifications for these awards. Please
contact us for more information. management@usfca.edu (415) 422-2221 Merit Scholarships Merit scholarships are awarded
to students who have demonstrated superior academic and/or professional achievements, and outstanding talent or
commitment to extracurricular activities, community service, leadership, entrepreneurship. Merit Scholars should also
fully embody the USF mission to change the world for the better. The University of San Francisco School of Management
greatly values diversity and offers merit scholarships to applicants from regions and countries around the globe that
embrace regular interaction with different cultures and societies. Civil Servant Merit Scholarship The Civil Servant
Merit Scholarship is awarded to a student who is currently or was previously employed in city, state, federal or
for a more just and humane world, these scholarships are awarded on a competitive basis to a limited number of students
who have demonstrated meritorious achievements in community service activities in either paid or volunteer positions.
International Merit Scholarships As an institution that greatly values diversity and global perspectives, these
achievements. No additional application materials are required. Entrepreneurship and Innovation Merit Scholarship The
Entrepreneurship and Innovation Merit Scholarship is awarded to a student who currently owns or operates or previously
owned or operated a business or organization. International Merit Scholarship The University of San Francisco School of
Management greatly values diversity and offers merit scholarships to applicants from regions and countries around the
globe that embrace regular interaction with different cultures and societies. LGBTQ Merit Award Awarded to an
outstanding applicant(s) who demonstrates service to or achievement in the gay, lesbian, bisexual of transgender
community. Applicants may identify as a member or ally of the LGBTQ community. Return to USF on aDouble Dons
Scholarships Many USF Masagung School of Management alum have provided financial opportunities to current students.
Each applicant may be reviewed for a donor scholarship which could include: Litvak Social Innovation scholarship,
Richard Puntillo First Generation Scholarship. Corporate Sponsorship Your employer agrees to pay for all or part of
your education in exchange for you remaining employed at the company for a certain number of years post-graduation.
Tuition Reimbursement According to your employer's tuition reimbursement policy, you pay for your education
out-of-pocket and subsequently file for reimbursement. Degree-Specific Scholarships Full-Time MBA Part-Time MBA
Entrepreneurship & Innovation Non-USF Scholarships College Sports Scholarships USAScholarships List of College Sports
Fast Web Scholarship and College search on the web College Board Inside source for connecting to college opportunity &
success Scholar's Aid Large database + advice on ways to pay for college Scholarships.com Scholarship search &
financial aid resource CollegeNET Profile search through $1.6 billion in scholarships American Indian College Fund
Native American scholarships Bureau of Indian Education Native American scholarships United Negro College Fund African
American scholarships Asian & Pacific Islander American Scholarship Fund Asian American scholarships Hispanic
Scholarship Fund Latino scholarships Mexican American Legal Defense and Educational Fund Latino scholarships Financial
Woman's Association of San Francisco Provides graduate and undergraduate scholarships to San Francisco Bay Area women
pursuing careers in finance and financial services Giva Inc. Scholarship grant aimed at assisting undergraduate or
graduate students further their education as well as expand their social responsibility and community service footprint
in the world The LAGRANT Foundation LAGRANT Foundation marketing scholarship Military MBA Military MBA scholarships
GraduateTutor.com Business School Scholarship Directory Educators For Fair Consideration Empowering undocumented young
scholarship-granting organization for lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, and queer (LGBTQ) students of merit Go Grad
Expert-driven guide to master's degrees for veterans and active military Maddy Institute's Wonderful Public Service
Graduate Fellowship Fellowships for San Joaquin Valley students who are accepted at nationally ranked graduate programs
in Public Administration/Public Policy, Business, Urban Planning, or Social Welfare MoneyGeek.com Scholarship Search
Searchable database of verified scholarships MoneyGeek.com Scholarship Guide for Hispanic Students A Complete Guide to
Finding Scholarships and Financial Resources for Hispanic Students MoneyGeek.com Scholarships and Grants for Native
American Students A Complete Guide to Finding Scholarships and Financial Resources for Native American Students Gay
Asian Pacific Alliance (GAPA) Foundation Grants & Scholarships Grants and scholarships to empower the Asian/Pacific
Islander LGBTQ community Cost of Attendance The Masagung Graduate School of Management is committed to providing
excellent educational opportunities and to assisting students in meeting the cost of a private education. USF's Tuition
Page Graduate Admission: Masagung Graduate School of Management Downtown San Francisco management@usfca.edu (415)
Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-6771 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external)
LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Careers at USF Contact Us
Directory News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Bookstore Course Catalog Library Campus Campus Safety Maps &
Directions Title IX Virtual Tour Apply Give to USF Visit myUSF Consumer Information Privacy Statement Web Accessibility
 Title: Scholarships & Aid - International & Multicultural Education, MA | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/education/programs/masters/international-multicultural-education/scholarships-aid 
 Scholarships & Aid - International & Multicultural Education, MA | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu
Search Enter a Search Term Search: Visit usfca.edu Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics
Alumni Giving Our Difference Our Vision Our People Leadership Our Faculty Locations Sacramento Santa Rosa South Bay
East Bay School News Our Programs Master's Programs Doctoral Programs Certificates Academic Support Research & Centers
CalEPIC Consortium Center for Humanizing Education and Research About Us Events Faculty College Access Programs
Educational Talent Search Resources McGrath Institute for Jesuit Catholic Education Scholarships USF Community Mental
Health Clinic School Life Community Engagement & Activism Graduate Housing Organizations & Activities Student
Ambassadors Student Events Student Services Admission & Aid Application Requirements Deadlines Events & Fairs CBEST &
CSET Resources Immunization Requirements Teaching Weekends DACA & Undocumented Students International Students
School of Education Our Programs Master's Programs International & Multicultural Education, MA Scholarships & Aid
Federal financial aid, state, and university resources are available as funding to newly admitted and current USF
School of Education students. International & Multicultural Education, MA International & Multicultural Education, MA
Program Overview Faculty Student Experience Careers Scholarships & Aid How To Apply Request Info Apply Now REQUEST
APPLY VISIT In order to offset the cost of graduate education tuition, many School of Education courses are offered in
the late afternoon and evening, and/or on alternating weekends. Most students find they can maintain a full-time job
you to spend time in a classroom (e.g. student teaching) or to complete a fieldwork or traineeship experience, such
commitments will interfere with a normal workday. Please consult your intended program of study for more information.
Tuition Rates USF Resources The following scholarships are available to all USF School of Education master's or
doctoral students. Applicants must meet the eligibility requirements outlined in the scholarship description. Admission
Scholarships Accepted students may receive scholarships to cover three to six credits of tuition* in the first year of
application. Scholarship recipients will be notified at the time of admission. * Scholarship funds include endowments
from the SOE general scholarship, Oricello, Winberry, Oaks and Yellow Ribbon. Social Justice Scholarship This
scholarship program recognizes and encourages USF School of Education students who are and/or seek to be transformative
change agents in their schools, professions and communities. This scholarship is awarded to any School of Education
graduate student who demonstrates outstanding dedication and vision for equitable conditions in schools and
communities, domestically and internationally. Selected students can receive up to three credits of tuition.*
Eligibility The Social Justice Scholarship is open to applicants enrolled in programs at the Hilltop Campus, at USF's
additional locations, and online. Past recipients of the scholarship are eligible to apply again for future
scholarships, but preference will be given to students that have not yet received the scholarship (and meet the
criteria). Newly admitted students are not eligible for this scholarship. Criteria Student must demonstrate: previous
and/or current experience in community service and engagement commitment to developing partnerships with marginalized
youth, schools and/or communities personal and professional background related to issues of marginalization and social
essay must be received by the following dates to be considered for the corresponding semester Intersession and Spring:
November 30 Summer: March 30 Fall: April 30th * Scholarship funds include endowments from the SOE general scholarship
fund. Graduate Assistantships The School of Education awards a number of Graduate Assistantships each academic year,
allowing students to work with a Faculty Mentor in the areas of research, teaching or professional development.
Selected students will be paid an hourly rate for up to 200 hours per fiscal year (hours must be utilized by May 20).*
Criteria School of Education full-time faculty members will select students with whom they will work and supervise on
the approved project or assignment. Students must be admitted to and enrolled in a graduate program in the School of
Education. The proposed project must have a strong mentorship component, so that students are able to strengthen their
research, teaching or professional skills. Application Process School of Education full-time faculty member select
student(s) with whom they will work Faculty Mentor completes online Faculty Application Student completes online
considered for the corresponding semester Intersession and Spring: November 30 Summer: March 30 Fall: April 30 *
Scholarship funds include endowments from the SOE general scholarship fund. The Conference Presentation Stipend All
currently enrolled master's and doctoral School of Education students are eligible to apply for the Conference
Presentation Stipend to assist in conference expenses. Applications will be reviewed by the applicant's department
chairperson and faculty members. Eligibility Applicants must have been officially accepted to present (e.g. individual
related to their field(s) of study. Special Status students are not eligible to apply. Conditions The Conference
Presentation Stipend: can only be used to cover conference-related costs such as travel/transportation, registration,
accommodations and/or printing/duplicating costs is granted as a reimbursement after all receipts of covered expenses
have been submitted (original receipts must be submitted to the SOE Dean's Office immediately after the conference) can
fund a student for only one conference per term, determined as per the date of the conference (Term 1: January-July /
Term 2: August - December) Amount The Conference Presentation Stipend cannot exceed $200 per term. Application
Interested students should apply as soon as they receive their conference acceptance letter. To apply, fill out the
Conference Presentation Stipend form, available in the SOE Dean's Office and from department Program Assistants.
Contact your Department Program Assistant for more information. Fellowship for African Students The Fellowship for
African Students will provide up to $7,500 for a Kenyan student in any SOE program. Eligible students should contact
the SOE Dean's Office to request an application. Priority consideration will be given to students admitted from Kenya.
If there are no students admitted from Kenya, students from other countries within Africa are eligible to apply. School
of Education Undocumented Student Scholarship The School of Education is pleased to offer financial support to incoming
and current undocumented and DACAmented students enrolled in any School of Education program (Hilltop or regional
campuses). In recognition of the social change efforts that many of our undocumented students are engaged in, the
scholarship responds to the social, cultural and political stressors undocumented and DACAmented students face. Awards
will be given in the amount of up to $5,000 dollars. Application Process Interested applicants must complete the online
application for the School of Education Scholarship for Undocumented Students. Applications will be reviewed on a
continuous basis. Our committee seeks to make decisions within four weeks after application is submitted. Your
application will be reviewed by a group of School of Education faculty and staff dedicated to supporting undocumented
and DACAmented students. Your application will be handled with the utmost care and confidentiality. If you have any
questions about the application, please contact Amy Fogliani, Director, Admission, Communication, and Outreach, at
afogliani@usfca.edu. Eligibility Requirements Undocumented or DACAmented student Incoming or current student in any
School of Education program (Hilltop or regional campuses) Candidates with financial need will be prioritized, but all
will be considered Priority will be given to applicants who are actively engaged in education advocacy, immigrant
rights, or other work related to supporting undocumented students More info for DACA Applicants Site Footer 2130 Fulton
Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external)
LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Careers at USF Contact Us
Directory News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Bookstore Course Catalog Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual
Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Give to USF Visit myUSF Consumer Information Privacy Statement Web Accessibility
 Title: Scholarships & Aid - International & Multicultural Education, MA | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/education/programs/masters/international-multicultural-education/scholarships-aid 
 Scholarships & Aid - International & Multicultural Education, MA | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu
Search Enter a Search Term Search: Visit usfca.edu Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics
Alumni Giving Our Difference Our Vision Our People Leadership Our Faculty Locations Sacramento Santa Rosa South Bay
East Bay School News Our Programs Master's Programs Doctoral Programs Certificates Academic Support Research & Centers
CalEPIC Consortium Center for Humanizing Education and Research About Us Events Faculty College Access Programs
Educational Talent Search Resources McGrath Institute for Jesuit Catholic Education Scholarships USF Community Mental
Health Clinic School Life Community Engagement & Activism Graduate Housing Organizations & Activities Student
Ambassadors Student Events Student Services Admission & Aid Application Requirements Deadlines Events & Fairs CBEST &
CSET Resources Immunization Requirements Teaching Weekends DACA & Undocumented Students International Students
School of Education Our Programs Master's Programs International & Multicultural Education, MA Scholarships & Aid
Federal financial aid, state, and university resources are available as funding to newly admitted and current USF
School of Education students. International & Multicultural Education, MA International & Multicultural Education, MA
Program Overview Faculty Student Experience Careers Scholarships & Aid How To Apply Request Info Apply Now REQUEST
APPLY VISIT In order to offset the cost of graduate education tuition, many School of Education courses are offered in
the late afternoon and evening, and/or on alternating weekends. Most students find they can maintain a full-time job
you to spend time in a classroom (e.g. student teaching) or to complete a fieldwork or traineeship experience, such
commitments will interfere with a normal workday. Please consult your intended program of study for more information.
Tuition Rates USF Resources The following scholarships are available to all USF School of Education master's or
doctoral students. Applicants must meet the eligibility requirements outlined in the scholarship description. Admission
Scholarships Accepted students may receive scholarships to cover three to six credits of tuition* in the first year of
application. Scholarship recipients will be notified at the time of admission. * Scholarship funds include endowments
from the SOE general scholarship, Oricello, Winberry, Oaks and Yellow Ribbon. Social Justice Scholarship This
scholarship program recognizes and encourages USF School of Education students who are and/or seek to be transformative
change agents in their schools, professions and communities. This scholarship is awarded to any School of Education
graduate student who demonstrates outstanding dedication and vision for equitable conditions in schools and
communities, domestically and internationally. Selected students can receive up to three credits of tuition.*
Eligibility The Social Justice Scholarship is open to applicants enrolled in programs at the Hilltop Campus, at USF's
additional locations, and online. Past recipients of the scholarship are eligible to apply again for future
scholarships, but preference will be given to students that have not yet received the scholarship (and meet the
criteria). Newly admitted students are not eligible for this scholarship. Criteria Student must demonstrate: previous
and/or current experience in community service and engagement commitment to developing partnerships with marginalized
youth, schools and/or communities personal and professional background related to issues of marginalization and social
essay must be received by the following dates to be considered for the corresponding semester Intersession and Spring:
November 30 Summer: March 30 Fall: April 30th * Scholarship funds include endowments from the SOE general scholarship
fund. Graduate Assistantships The School of Education awards a number of Graduate Assistantships each academic year,
allowing students to work with a Faculty Mentor in the areas of research, teaching or professional development.
Selected students will be paid an hourly rate for up to 200 hours per fiscal year (hours must be utilized by May 20).*
Criteria School of Education full-time faculty members will select students with whom they will work and supervise on
the approved project or assignment. Students must be admitted to and enrolled in a graduate program in the School of
Education. The proposed project must have a strong mentorship component, so that students are able to strengthen their
research, teaching or professional skills. Application Process School of Education full-time faculty member select
student(s) with whom they will work Faculty Mentor completes online Faculty Application Student completes online
considered for the corresponding semester Intersession and Spring: November 30 Summer: March 30 Fall: April 30 *
Scholarship funds include endowments from the SOE general scholarship fund. The Conference Presentation Stipend All
currently enrolled master's and doctoral School of Education students are eligible to apply for the Conference
Presentation Stipend to assist in conference expenses. Applications will be reviewed by the applicant's department
chairperson and faculty members. Eligibility Applicants must have been officially accepted to present (e.g. individual
related to their field(s) of study. Special Status students are not eligible to apply. Conditions The Conference
Presentation Stipend: can only be used to cover conference-related costs such as travel/transportation, registration,
accommodations and/or printing/duplicating costs is granted as a reimbursement after all receipts of covered expenses
have been submitted (original receipts must be submitted to the SOE Dean's Office immediately after the conference) can
fund a student for only one conference per term, determined as per the date of the conference (Term 1: January-July /
Term 2: August - December) Amount The Conference Presentation Stipend cannot exceed $200 per term. Application
Interested students should apply as soon as they receive their conference acceptance letter. To apply, fill out the
Conference Presentation Stipend form, available in the SOE Dean's Office and from department Program Assistants.
Contact your Department Program Assistant for more information. Fellowship for African Students The Fellowship for
African Students will provide up to $7,500 for a Kenyan student in any SOE program. Eligible students should contact
the SOE Dean's Office to request an application. Priority consideration will be given to students admitted from Kenya.
If there are no students admitted from Kenya, students from other countries within Africa are eligible to apply. School
of Education Undocumented Student Scholarship The School of Education is pleased to offer financial support to incoming
and current undocumented and DACAmented students enrolled in any School of Education program (Hilltop or regional
campuses). In recognition of the social change efforts that many of our undocumented students are engaged in, the
scholarship responds to the social, cultural and political stressors undocumented and DACAmented students face. Awards
will be given in the amount of up to $5,000 dollars. Application Process Interested applicants must complete the online
application for the School of Education Scholarship for Undocumented Students. Applications will be reviewed on a
continuous basis. Our committee seeks to make decisions within four weeks after application is submitted. Your
application will be reviewed by a group of School of Education faculty and staff dedicated to supporting undocumented
and DACAmented students. Your application will be handled with the utmost care and confidentiality. If you have any
questions about the application, please contact Amy Fogliani, Director, Admission, Communication, and Outreach, at
afogliani@usfca.edu. Eligibility Requirements Undocumented or DACAmented student Incoming or current student in any
School of Education program (Hilltop or regional campuses) Candidates with financial need will be prioritized, but all
will be considered Priority will be given to applicants who are actively engaged in education advocacy, immigrant
rights, or other work related to supporting undocumented students More info for DACA Applicants Site Footer 2130 Fulton
Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external)
LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Careers at USF Contact Us
Directory News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Bookstore Course Catalog Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual
Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Give to USF Visit myUSF Consumer Information Privacy Statement Web Accessibility
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/education/undocumented-student-scholarship 
 Undocumented Student Scholarship | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search:
Visit usfca.edu Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Our Difference Our
Vision Our People Leadership Our Faculty Locations Sacramento Santa Rosa South Bay East Bay School News Our Programs
Master's Programs Doctoral Programs Certificates Academic Support Research & Centers CalEPIC Consortium Center for
Humanizing Education and Research About Us Events Faculty College Access Programs Educational Talent Search Resources
McGrath Institute for Jesuit Catholic Education Scholarships USF Community Mental Health Clinic School Life Community
Engagement & Activism Graduate Housing Organizations & Activities Student Ambassadors Student Events Student Services
Admission & Aid Application Requirements Deadlines Events & Fairs CBEST & CSET Resources Immunization Requirements
Teaching Weekends DACA & Undocumented Students International Students Frequently Asked Questions Financial Resources
Undocumented Student Scholarship The School of Education is pleased to offer financial support to incoming and current
undocumented and DACAmented students enrolled in any School of Education program (Hilltop or additional locations). In
recognition of the social change efforts that many of our undocumented students are engaged in, the scholarship
responds to the social, cultural and political stressors undocumented and DACAmented students face. Awards will be
given in the amount of up to $5,000 dollars. Eligibility Requirements Undocumented or DACAmented student Incoming or
current student in any School of Education program (Hilltop Campus or additional locations) I acknowledge that I meet
these eligibility requirements. Candidates with financial need will be prioritized, but all will be considered.
Priority will be given to applicants who are actively engaged in education advocacy, immigrant rights, or other work
related to supporting undocumented students. Interested applicants must complete the online application for the School
of Education Scholarship for Undocumented Students. Applications will be reviewed on a continuous basis. Our committee
seeks to make decisions within four weeks after application is submitted. Your application will be reviewed by a group
of School of Education faculty and staff dedicated to supporting undocumented and DACAmented students. Your application
will be handled with the utmost care and confidentiality. If you have any questions about the application, please
contact schoolofeducation@usfca.edu. First Name Last Name Email Address CWID Program Year Campus/Location Hilltop
Sacramento San Jose Santa Rosa Have you ever applied to this fund before? Yes No Check this option if your situation is
particularly urgent: Urgent In 300 words or less, please explain how you meet the criteria for this scholarship and why
you would like to be considered. Is there any additional information that you would like to provide to the committee
about your financial situation? Leave this field blank Site Footer 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA
94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external)
Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Careers at USF Contact Us Directory News & Media
Academics Academic Calendar Bookstore Course Catalog Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title
of San Francisco
Title: Setting the Stage for Future Nurses | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/news/setting-the-stage-future-nurses 
 Setting the Stage for Future Nurses | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term
Search: Visit usfca.edu Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Our
Difference Mission, Vision & Values Our People Our Leadership Our Faculty Alumni San Francisco Advantage Accreditation
News Offices & Services Employment 70 Years Anniversary 70 Stories of Impact Our History & Sisters of Mercy Our
Programs Undergraduate Programs Nursing, BSN Public Health, BS Graduate Programs Clinical Psychology, PsyD Family Nurse
Practitioner, DNP Nursing, MSN Psychiatric Mental Health Nurse Practitioner, DNP Public Health, MPH Health Systems
Leadership, DNP Engagement & Impact Simulation Center & Clinical Skills Lab Clinical Skills Lab Simulation Center
Service Abroad & Immersion Programs Preceptor Program School Life Events Crawford Lecture Organizations & Activities
Admission & Aid Application Deadlines Financing Your Education International Students Request Information Undocumented
Students & DACA Giving Setting the Stage for Future Nurses by Noonay Byrne, Office of Development Communications May
26, 2022 Andrea Huang '24, Dustin Bui '24, and Kendall Bloat '22 The National Association of Theatre Owners of
over twenty years. But in 2021 with the Covid-19 pandemic and the increased emphasis of the importance of health care
workers, the organization pivoted from the entertainment industry to establish a four year scholarship for five
students in the University of San Francisco's School of Nursing and Health Professions of $200,000. The five Bachelor
of Science in Nursing candidates who received the scholarship are in their sophomore year at USF, and already they have
had a chance to impact the community by administering Covid-19 vaccines and boosters in USF's Koret Gym working
alongside faculty and current Kaiser Permanente healthcare staff. Choosing USF The NATO CA/NV organization chose USF's
nursing program for the very same reason that sophomore Dustin Bui '24 chose it: the school is in the top 4 percent in
the nation, training pragmatic problem solvers and transformational leaders, who are prepared for the challenges of an
evolving health care system. After extensive research, Mitlon Moritz, recently retired President of NATO CA/NV at the
time, said that USF's nursing program was one that NATO CA/NV felt was a worthy program that they would like to get
involved in. Bui agrees. He chose USF because "USF School of Nursing and Health Professions is full of experienced and
knowledgeable staff members who I felt would make an impact in preparing me for my future." He appreciates the hands-on
education experiences supplied by his clinical rotations. Fellow student Kendall Bloa '24 is from the Bay Area and knew
she wanted to stay local. During her campus tour at USF she loved the Simulation Center/Skills Lab as well as the
curriculum. "The connections between USF and the hospitals in the area is also great for being a new grad," Bloat said.
Scholarships Make the Difference Although the recipients had already been accepted to USF these scholarships made the
difference. For Bui, who had already chosen USF, the scholarship allowed him to focus on his academics without the
added layer of financial stress. He said that the nursing program is one of the most difficult things he has ever done,
but it is also one of the most rewarding. His favorite part of the program is clinical rotations. Bui said, "The
rotations have enabled me to see the practicality of information learned about in textbooks, presentations, and
diagrams. Being able to care for patients and absorb knowledge alongside nurses, doctors, and therapists has been
beneficial for my learning. Bloat is also grateful that the scholarship created access to afford her education, and she
sorority. Her favorite part of the program is also clinicals. "Being able to go into hospitals and make the student
nurse-patient connections while also bonding with my cohort and practicing skills we learn at a mediated pace is a
great learning experience," she said. Andrea Huang '24, another recipient, said that while working part-time in a
nursing home helped her gain more experience, this scholarship afforded her the privilege of not taking out a loan.
Nurses Can Change the World For Bui, Bloat, Huang, and their fellow recipients Isabella Knapp and Mi Le, the pandemic
and zoom university were small steps on their journeys in healthcare. Their second year at USF with its rotations,
labs, and in person classes has been a welcome change. The pandemic highlighted the need for nurses, and healthcare
professions and students are stepping up. In 2021, the number of applications to USF's School of Nursing jumped from
2068 applicants in 2020 to 2434 in 2021. The number of transfer applicants also rose from 526 to 596. USF's robust
program offers the opportunity to learn in the classroom and then immediately put those skills to use in the community.
Like all of their peers in the cohort, Bui, Bloat, and Huang are focused and energized to learn and grow. For NATO
CA/NV, the pandemic decision to temporarily move from supporting entertainment industry students to nursing students is
already paying off with these motivated scholars. This gift was made as part of Changing the World From Here: Campaign
for the University of San Francisco. To learn more about supporting the School of Nursing and Health Professions,
contact Jayme Burke, Director of Development, School of Nursing and Health Professions at (415) 422-4049 or
jlburke3@usfca.edu. Related News Giving A New Horizon for the Health & Life Sciences Giving Synergy in Science: Diez
Scholarship Story Share Copy Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Email more news Site Footer 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA
94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external)
Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Careers at USF Contact Us Directory News & Media
Academics Academic Calendar Bookstore Course Catalog Library Campus Campus Safety Maps & Directions Title IX Virtual
of San Francisco
Title: Double Dons Scholarship | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/request/double-dons-scholarship 
 Double Dons Scholarship | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Enter a Search Term Search: Apply (Menu Link)
(Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students Parents
Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change
Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's
University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San
Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board
of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create
Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree
Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research
Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate &
Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San
Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of
Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid
Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet
Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate
Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of
Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research
Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching
Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought
& the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms
Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts &
Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment
Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career
Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events Double Dons Scholarship Graduating soon? Received
Double Dons Scholarship. The Double Dons Scholarship covers 20 percent of tuition for the entire time of your graduate
program. No separate application is needed. You'll automatically be considered for the scholarship when you apply to a
participating graduate program at USF for the summer, fall, or spring terms in the 2024-25 academic year. If accepted
to the program, the Double Dons Scholarship will be applied to your student account once you submit your enrollment
deposit. Going to USF was the best decision I ever made and becoming a Double Don was an even better one! I hope alumni
Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external)
LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA
Title: Scholarships - McGrath Institute for Jesuit Catholic Education | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/education/research-impact/catholic-educational-leadership/scholarships 
 Scholarships - McGrath Institute for Jesuit Catholic Education | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu
Search Enter a Search Term Search: Visit usfca.edu Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics
Alumni Giving Our Difference Our Vision Our People Leadership Our Faculty Locations Sacramento Santa Rosa South Bay
East Bay School News Our Programs Master's Programs Doctoral Programs Certificates Academic Support Research & Centers
CalEPIC Consortium Center for Humanizing Education and Research About Us Events Faculty College Access Programs
Educational Talent Search Resources McGrath Institute for Jesuit Catholic Education Scholarships USF Community Mental
Health Clinic School Life Community Engagement & Activism Graduate Housing Organizations & Activities Student
Ambassadors Student Events Student Services Admission & Aid Application Requirements Deadlines Events & Fairs CBEST &
CSET Resources Immunization Requirements Teaching Weekends DACA & Undocumented Students International Students
School of Education Research & Centers McGrath Institute for Jesuit Catholic Education Scholarships Scholarship Program
The McGrath Institute for Jesuit Catholic Education works collaboratively with a broad range of programs in the USF
School of Education, particularly the Masters, Doctorate, and Certificate programs in Catholic Education Leadership, to
and disseminate research in Catholic education, to strengthen Catholic School's commitment to a faith that does
justice, and to explore and develop innovative ways to support transformative Catholic education. Up to six units per
year of scholarship are provided to students enrolled in the Catholic Educational MA & EdD programs, the Catholic
Educational Leadership Advanced Studies Certificate, and the Transformative School Leadership program with MA or EDD in
Catholic Educational Leadership. For questions about funding, please contact schoolofeducation@usfca.edu. Learn more
about the Catholic Educational Leadership programs that the McGrath Institute offers scholarships for. Catholic
Educational Leadership, MA Catholic Educational Leadership, EdD SONYA ARRIOLA, CATHOLIC EDUCATIONAL LEADERSHIP DOCTORAL
the Story $10 Million Gift Supports Scholarships and Catholic School Educators at USF Joan and Bob McGrath have donated
leadership institute, and expand international student immersion opportunities. Read the Story Give Today Site Footer
2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is
external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Careers at USF
Contact Us Directory News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Bookstore Course Catalog Library Campus Maps & Directions
Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Give to USF Visit myUSF Consumer Information Privacy Statement Web
Title: Financing Your Education - Data Science, MS | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/arts-sciences/programs/graduate/data-science/financial-aid 
 Financing Your Education - Data Science, MS | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search
Term Search: Visit usfca.edu Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Our
Difference Mission & Vision Our Leadership Our Faculty School News Our Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate
Programs Professional Certificates Research & Creative Achievement Centers & Institutes Undergraduate Teacher Education
Center Autonomous Vehicles & the City Initiative Facilities & Labs Innovation Hive Writing for a Real World School Life
Undergraduate Experience Graduate Experience Events Critical Diversity Studies Forum Global Feminist Forum Human Rights
Film Festival Davies Forum Graduate Admission How to Apply International Students Financial Aid Dean's Scholarship
Tests & Scores Program Contacts Info Sessions & Events Connect with a Current Student Data Science, MS Financing Your
The Master of Science in Data Science program awards a limited number of merit-based partial scholarships to incoming
students. These scholarships do not require a separate application. All students admitted to the program are considered
for these scholarships during the admission decision process. Applications completed by the early application date are
given priority consideration for a program scholarship. Data Science, MS Data Science, MS Program Overview Data
Engineering Concentration Practicum Career Services Class Profile Faculty Alumni Events & Activities FAQs Financing
Your Education How to Apply Request Info Apply Now REQUEST APPLY VISIT Estimated Tuition The estimated cost of the MS
in Data Science is $1,660 per unit for the 2024-2025 academic year, with a minimum of 35 units required to be completed
for the degree. Program fees are subject to adjustment annually, and the number of required units may vary based on
enrollment status. Please contact Aija Tapaninen to discuss the specifics of the program. Financial Aid Cost of
Attendance Program Scholarships All applicants are automatically considered for program scholarships during the
application review process, based on the academic and professional background shown in their application materials.
Eligible students will also be considered for the following scholarships aimed at broadening the range of perspectives
in the field of data science, and providing opportunities to groups that have historically been underrepresented in the
discipline. Women in Data Science Scholarship Women in Data Science Scholarship is aimed at addressing the
underrepresentation of women in the field of data science. Veterans of the Armed Forces Scholarship Veterans of the
Armed Forces Scholarship is awarded to veterans who served in the US military and would add an invaluable perspective
to the classroom and to the data science field. This scholarship is issued by the MS in Data Science program and is not
connected to the GI Bill. Interested students must complete the questions about their service status on the program
application. The University of San Francisco and the MS in Data Science program are also eligible for the Yellow Ribbon
benefits. For more information about the Veterans benefits, please contact the USF Veterans Enrollment Center.
Additional Funding Opportunities Double Dons Scholarship USF Alumni and current students can be awarded the USF Double
Dons Scholarship upon admission. The scholarship covers 20% of the program tuition, and may not be stacked with other
USF scholarship awards. Exceptions may apply. Double Dons on MyUSF College of Arts & Sciences Dean's Scholarship The
College of Arts & Sciences Dean's Scholarship provides $15,000 for their tuition to two awardees. To be considered for
Scholar kickoff and reception, connection with other Dean's Scholars and with leaders across the college, and the
chance to serve as program representatives to USF donors and Development initiatives. Craig Newmark Scholarship for
Women in Tech Craig Newmark Scholarship for Women in Tech supports the pursuit of careers in technology for
female-identified students. Additional funding may be available for conference attendance. Practicum All students in
the Master of Science in Data Science program participate in our nine-month practicum. These projects may be paid or
unpaid, depending on the placement, firm, and/or organization at which a student completes their practicum project.
Funding for Undocumented Students USF Magis Scholarship for undocumented/DACA graduate students. For more information,
please contact Lori Prince, lprince2@usfca.edu. Outside Scholarships Non-USF scholarship funding for women, US and
international students. Site Footer 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook
(link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is
external) Connect Graduate Admission Careers at USF Contact Us Directory News & Media Academics Academic Calendar
Bookstore Course Catalog Library Campus Campus Safety Maps & Directions Title IX Virtual Tour Apply Give to USF Visit
Title: Financing Your Education - Sport Management, MS | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/arts-sciences/programs/graduate/sport-management/financial-aid 
 Financing Your Education - Sport Management, MS | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a
Search Term Search: Visit usfca.edu Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving
Our Difference Mission & Vision Our Leadership Our Faculty School News Our Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate
Programs Professional Certificates Research & Creative Achievement Centers & Institutes Undergraduate Teacher Education
Center Autonomous Vehicles & the City Initiative Facilities & Labs Innovation Hive Writing for a Real World School Life
Undergraduate Experience Graduate Experience Events Critical Diversity Studies Forum Global Feminist Forum Human Rights
Film Festival Davies Forum Graduate Admission How to Apply International Students Financial Aid Dean's Scholarship
Tests & Scores Program Contacts Info Sessions & Events Connect with a Current Student Sport Management, MS Financing
Management, MS Sport Management, MS Program Overview Sport Management in SoCal Faculty Our Stories Advisory Board
Careers Internships Financing Your Education Info Sessions & Events Contact Us How to Apply Request Info Apply Now
REQUEST APPLY Estimated Tuition The estimated cost of the Sport Management program is $1,660 per unit for the 2024-2025
academic year, with a total of 36 units required for the degree. Summer Admission Cycle: Students starting the program
during the summer admission cycle are required to complete 15 units in their first academic year. In year two, students
are required to complete 21 units in their second academic year. A total of 36 units are required for the degree.
Spring Admission Cycle: Students starting the program during the spring admission cycle are required to complete 18
units in their first academic year. In year two, students are required to complete 18 units in their second academic
year. A total of 36 units are required for the degree. Program fees are subject to adjustment annually. Please email
sminfo@usfca.edu to discuss the program's specifics with a member of our front office staff. Financial Aid Cost of
for research and for conference travel. Additional benefits include the Dean's Scholar kickoff and reception,
connection with other Dean's Scholars and with leaders across the college, and the chance to serve as program
representatives to USF donors and Development initiatives. To be considered for the $15,000 Dean's Scholarship towards
their first year of tuition, students must apply by the program's priority deadline. Dean's Scholarship Sport
Management Scholarships We award a limited number of merit-based scholarships to incoming students. These scholarships
are a one-time award and are used to cover tuition costs in a student's first or second semester of our program. These
scholarships do not require a separate application; all applicants are considered during the admission decision
grew up in ballparks across the country and worked her way up to become a top female executive in Major League Baseball
(MLB). When she passed away unexpectedly in 2017, her family wanted to honor her 40-year career by establishing the
Katharine Feeney Memorial Scholarship Fund to benefit female students in USF's Sport Management MS program. Scholarship
includes: tuition scholarship of $10,000, and an internship. Eligibility: applicants must identify as female, be
admitted into USF's Sport Management MS program for summer start, and demonstrate a financial need to attain an
advanced degree. Learn More About Katharine Feeney Alissa Head Memorial Scholarship Fund Alissa Head earned her
master's degree in Sport Management from the University of San Francisco. When Alissa passed away in 2017, her family
wanted to honor her commitment to education and a career dedicated to sport by establishing the Alissa Head Memorial
Scholarship Fund. The scholarship will benefit students starting the USF's Sport Management MS program during the
summer term. Scholarship includes: tuition scholarship of $5,000. Eligibility: gain admission into USF's Sport
Management MS program for a summer term start. Learn More About Alissa Head Double Dons Scholarship USF Alumni and
current students can be awarded the USF Double Dons Scholarship upon admission. The scholarship covers 20% of the
program tuition, and may not be stacked with other USF scholarship awards. Exceptions may apply. Double Dons on MyUSF
receive $5,000 toward their degree. Scholarship includes: Tuition scholarship of $5,000 Learn more about the BUSF
Scholarship PRIMETIME Sports & Entertainment Scholarship PRIMETIME Sports & Entertainment is a Southern
California-based sports marketing and media agency that focuses on the Latino market. This year, two USF students will
be selected to each receive a $5,000 scholarship and an internship with PRIMETIME. Scholarship includes: Tuition
scholarship of $5,000 and an internship with PRIMETIME Eligibility: Students selected for the award must demonstrate
fluency in Spanish. More about the scholarship Pat Gallagher Fellowship Each year the San Francisco Giants, in
partnership with the USF's Sport Management MS program, award a year-long sport management internship named in honor of
long-time Giants marketing and business executive Pat Gallagher. The program will recognize one graduate student for
academic and professional excellence. The goal of the internship is to provide the Gallagher Fellow with a
comprehensive understanding of the business operations of the Giants Front Office and to provide them with hands-on
experience in the field of professional sports management. The position will rotate through multiple business
departments (4) of the Giants, which may include marketing, business development, communications, community relations
and Giants Enterprises. The Fellow will also have the opportunity to job-shadow key Giants executives to learn about
their areas of expertise as well as about opportunities in the sports management field. Heather L. Hunter Cohort 8
launching her career in the sports industry, giving back to the program was a no-brainer. The result of her generosity
is the new Heather L. Hunter Cohort 8 Scholarship, which will award $1,000 to a first-generation graduate student in
Fasci Scholarship Dr. Stan Fasci lived a life in service. For 15 years, Dr. Fasci served as the Director of
Administration for the Sport Management MS program before his retirement in 2014. Dr. Fasci was integral in both the
growth of the Sport Management MS program as a whole, as well as to the professional development of hundreds of
students who he worked with. Scholarship includes: Tuition scholarship of $2,500. Eligibility: Awarded by faculty to a
second year student attending classes at the San Francisco campus. Peggy O'Leary Scholarship Between 1999 and 2011,
Peggy O'Leary supported students at the Orange County Campus as the Associate Director of Administration for the Sport
Management MS program. Peggy was instrumental in the launch and establishment of the Southern California program,
extending USF's reach to Southern California. Scholarship includes: Tuition scholarship of $2,500. Eligibility: Awarded
by faculty to a second year student attending classes at the Orange County campus. Advisory Board Scholarship One of
the greatest strengths of the Sport Management program is our vast alumni network. With alumni exceeding 2,500 and
growing each year, Sport Management continues to make an impact in the sports industry. This scholarship was created in
honor of our alumni for continuing to pay it forward by helping current students learn valuable career insights and
life lessons. Scholarship includes: Tuition scholarship of $2,500. Eligibility: Awarded by the USF Sport Management
Advisory Board to one second-year student attending classes at the San Francisco campus and one second-year student
attending the Orange County campus. Richard E. Walden Scholarship Professor Walden taught Sport Law at the main campus
and Southern California program for 20 years. During his tenure, Professor Walden provided instruction, mentorship, and
industry connections to over 400 students, inspiring many students into sports law and sports agency careers. Rick is a
lawyer who represented professional athletes for over 20 years, and his co-authored Sport, Ethics and Leadership
textbook has become an essential resource to sports law students around the world. Scholarship includes: Tuition
scholarship of $2,500 Eligibility: Awarded to a second-year student attending classes at the Orange County campus
demonstrating academic excellence. External Scholarships John McLendon Minority Scholarship The John McLendon Minority
Scholarship Foundation offers eight (8) $10,000 postgraduate scholarships to minority candidates planning to pursue a
Scholarship program The NCAA awards up to 126 postgraduate scholarships annually. The scholarships are awarded to
student-athletes who excel academically and athletically and who are at least in their final year of intercollegiate
athletics competition. The one-time non-renewable scholarships of $10,000 are awarded three times a year corresponding
to each sport season (fall, winter and spring). Each sports season there are 21 scholarships available for men and 21
scholarships available for women for use in an accredited graduate program. Learn More About the Scholarship N.E.W.
embodied humility, a strong work ethic, and an intense passion for sports. Natalie was a member of USF Sport Management
Cohort 19S when she passed away in 2018. In partnership with the N.E.W. (Natalie E. Williams) Scholarship Foundation,
the USF Sport Management program will match the scholarship award of any USF Sport Management recipient. Scholarship
includes: Tuition scholarship up to $2,000. Eligibility: Currently enrolled student in USF Sport Management MS program.
Additional Financial Aid Assistantships Several departments on campus, including the Koret Health and Recreation Center
and the USF Athletic Department, offer a limited number of graduate assistantships. When assistantships become
available, job postings are sent to the sport management office, who will then share the posting with all students
currently enrolled in the program. The Office of Student Employment maintains a listing of currently offered on-campus
jobs, which typically require an in-person interview after enrolling at the university. Federal Direct Loan The Federal
Government provides significant assistance through the subsidized and unsubsidized direct loan program. The majority of
students do take out some form of financial assistance. Stories of the Impact of Scholarships Equipped to Lead and
Back Site Footer 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external)
Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect
Graduate Admission Careers at USF Contact Us Directory News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Bookstore Course
Catalog Library Campus Campus Safety Maps & Directions Title IX Virtual Tour Apply Give to USF Visit myUSF Consumer
Title: $10 Million Gift Supports Scholarships and Catholic School Educators at USF | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/news/mcgrath-gift 
 $10 Million Gift Supports Scholarships and Catholic School Educators at USF | University of San Francisco Skip to
Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Visit usfca.edu Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate
Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Our Difference Our Vision Our People Leadership Our Faculty Locations Sacramento Santa
Rosa South Bay East Bay School News Our Programs Master's Programs Doctoral Programs Certificates Academic Support
Research & Centers CalEPIC Consortium Center for Humanizing Education and Research About Us Events Faculty College
Access Programs Educational Talent Search Resources McGrath Institute for Jesuit Catholic Education Scholarships USF
Community Mental Health Clinic School Life Community Engagement & Activism Graduate Housing Organizations & Activities
Student Ambassadors Student Events Student Services Admission & Aid Application Requirements Deadlines Events & Fairs
CBEST & CSET Resources Immunization Requirements Teaching Weekends DACA & Undocumented Students International Students
Frequently Asked Questions Financial Resources Giving $10 Million Gift Supports Scholarships and Catholic School
Educators at USF by Mary McInerney, Office of Development Communications April 13, 2017 Joan and Bob McGrath: Their top
priority is supporting student scholarships. Joan and Bob McGrath have donated $10 million to dramatically expand
and expand international student immersion opportunities. More than half the gift, $6 million, will endow scholarships
Institute for Catholic Educational Leadership. The institute will recruit teachers, counselors, and administrators
committed to working at under-resourced Catholic schools and provide them with scholarships while they pursue an
advanced degree. Coursework will focus on contemporary Catholic school issues, including school consolidation,
also support scholarly research and allow students to present at academic conferences and Catholic educational
gatherings as well as in local school communities through professional development workshops, says Dr. Michael Duffy,
who will head the new institute. Cultivating leaders across disciplines The McGraths' gift includes $3 million to
create the Change the World From Here Institute and fund scholarships for students who show leadership potential,
regardless of their discipline. Another $1 million will endow scholarships for undergraduate students who want to
Program, we will be able to send more students on these transformative experiences. The big dream is to eventually
Francisco. At 17, she entered the Sisters of St. Joseph of Orange as a nun. She left 13 years later, partly because she
theology program, inspired by the progressive thinking of Vatican II. She was particularly inspired by one of her USF
Fordham University to pursue a doctorate before returning to the Bay Area to teach high school in the 1970s. A Lifelong
Partnership In 1982, Joan, who by then was principal of Sacred Heart Schools in Atherton, California, married Bob
McGrath. He had an electrical engineering degree from the University of Notre Dame, an institution they also support
generously, and started McGrath RentCorp, renting modular buildings, industrial liquid storage tanks, and electronic
measurement equipment. Joan joined him at the company as executive vice president, developing the sales team and
helping to lead McGrath RentCorp to become a successful publicly traded company. Now retired, the couple is intent on
the World from Here: Campaign for the University of San Francisco. Related News Giving A New Horizon for the Health &
Life Sciences Giving Synergy in Science: Diez Cancer Biology Lab Integrates Student Research Giving First Generation,
2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is
external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Careers at USF
Contact Us Directory News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Bookstore Course Catalog Library Campus Maps & Directions
Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Give to USF Visit myUSF Consumer Information Privacy Statement Web
Title: Scholarships - Entrepreneurship & Innovation, MS | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/management/programs/graduate/entrepreneurship-innovation/scholarships 
 Scholarships - Entrepreneurship & Innovation, MS | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a
Search Term Search: Visit usfca.edu Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving
Our Difference Mission & Vision Our Leadership Our Faculty Accreditation Locations School News From the Dean's Desk Our
Programs Undergraduate Programs Accounting, BSBA Business Analytics Entrepreneurship & Innovation, BSBA Finance
Hospitality Management International Business Management Management, BAM Degree Continuation Marketing Graduate
Programs Entrepreneurship and Innovation, MS Information Systems, MS Marketing Intelligence, MS MBA Programs
Organization Development, MS Executive Education Business Analytics Certified Customer Success Manager Courses
Corporate Innovation Custom Programs Silicon Valley Immersion Engagement & Impact Gellert Family Business Center Malloy
Group for Organizational Science Consulting School Life Undergraduate Life Graduate Life Graduate Career Services The
Office of Student Success and Engagement USF Bloomberg Lab Graduate Admission & Aid How To Apply International
Applicants Transfer Applicants Deadlines Financial Aid MBA Referral Scholarship Events FAQ Entrepreneurship &
MS Scholarships Entrepreneurship & Innovation, MS Entrepreneurship & Innovation, MS Program Overview Faculty
Internships Career Outcomes Scholarships Request Info Apply Now REQUEST APPLY VISIT Please complete the scholarship
statement portion of your application and address your unique qualifications for these awards. Please contact us at
management@usfca.edu for more information. Entrepreneurship & Innovation, MS Specifics Scholarships Litvak Social
Innovation Scholarship Honoring the lifetime work of Lawrence Litvak, a leader in the managing, financing and governing
of organizations pursuing social change, the Litvak Social Innovation Scholarship is awarded to Entrepreneurship and
Innovation student(s) of underrepresented backgrounds - African American, Hispanic and Latino, interested in social
innovation. Applicants who are working in the field of entrepreneurship and innovation, specifically those interested
in the development of social and B Corp ventures, and/or public benefit corporations are encouraged to apply. Please be
sure to address your background and leadership trajectory in line with social entrepreneurship and innovation in the
scholarship essay portion of the online application. Merit Scholarships Merit scholarships are awarded to students who
have demonstrated superior academic and/or professional achievements, and outstanding talent or commitment to
extracurricular activities, community service, leadership, entrepreneurship. Merit Scholars should also fully embody
the USF mission to change the world for the better. The University of San Francisco School of Management greatly values
diversity and offers merit scholarships to applicants from regions and countries around the globe that embrace regular
interaction with different cultures and societies. View full list of merit scholarships Graduate Admission & Aid We are
committed to providing you with excellent educational opportunities and assisting you in meeting the cost of a private
education. Financial Aid Tuition Site Footer 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-6771 Follow us
Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube
(link is external) Connect Careers at USF Contact Us Directory News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Bookstore
Course Catalog Library Campus Campus Safety Maps & Directions Title IX Virtual Tour Apply Give to USF Visit myUSF
Title: A Scholarship to Remember George Floyd | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/news/scholarship-remember-george-floyd 
 A Scholarship to Remember George Floyd | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term
Search: Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu
Link) Students Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots
Agents for Change Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San
Francisco's University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus
Downtown San Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President &
Leadership Board of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics
Learn to Create Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs
Dual Degree Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support
Undergraduate Research Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions
Advising Graduate & Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates
Executive Education The San Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of
Arts & Sciences School of Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries
Admission & Aid Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates &
Deadlines Meet Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources
International Graduate Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price
Calculator Types of Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty &
Student Research Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies
Center for Teaching Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for
Catholic Social Thought & the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good
Innovation Labs Star Route Farms Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City
The Campus Experience Arts & Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student
Activities Student Employment Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing
Dining on Campus Career Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events Passion for Justice A
Scholarship to Remember George Floyd by Sara Rinaldi, Office of Development Communications June 13, 2022 William
arrest and murder of George Floyd, a black man in his mid-forties, who had been reported as using a counterfeit $20
bill at a convenience store. When the police arrived on site, Floyd was pinned down with a knee to his neck, leading
him to become unconscious, and resulting in his death. A bystander recorded the incident on video, it went viral, and
A Challenge Accepted Dr. Settles remembers watching the memorial service hosted by Scott Hagan, PhD, President of North
Scholarship. I am now challenging every university president in the United States of America to establish your own
to invest, like never before, in a new generation of young black Americans who are poised and ready to take leadership
school music teacher, and they knew they were going to answer the call. The Settles have since set up scholarships in
memory of George Floyd at four institutions, including USF. Right Place, Right Choice Michal and William Settles met
during their undergraduate education and have been married for over 50 years. Dr. Settles grew up with a grandfather
who was a sharecropper, which at that time was a step above slavery. Her grandfather stressed the importance of
education, and her mother was the only one of twelve children to get a college degree. When sharing how they selected
institutions to set up scholarships, Dr. Settles knew she wanted an institution where they both had personal ties and
that had a love for human life and trying to do the right thing. Settles remembers her time at USF fondly. She was
working as a senior manager in the transportation industry and wanted to continue her education. She needed a local
university since she was also caring for her daughter who had autism. Settles enrolled at USF where she found the
believe in social justice, stand up where they can, and be willing to do the same for the next George Floyd. They want
to be part of the solution that helps students stay the course and not give up. In this spirit, the George Floyd Social
Justice Scholarship will be awarded to students who have the potential to shine. The Settles want the scholarship
THE GEORGE FLOYD SOCIAL JUSTICE SCHOLARSHIP FUND Related News Passion for Justice USF Student Secures Campus Housing
for Immigrants Passion for Justice New Dean Takes the Helm at Law School Passion for Justice Clarence B. Jones Honored
with Presidential Medal of Freedom Share Copy Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Email more news Site Footer University of San
Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external)
Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect
Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus
Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Visit Give to USF myUSF Consumer Information Privacy
Title: Financing Your Education - Biotechnology, PSM | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/arts-sciences/programs/graduate/biotechnology/financial-aid 
 Financing Your Education - Biotechnology, PSM | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search
Term Search: Visit usfca.edu Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Our
Difference Mission & Vision Our Leadership Our Faculty School News Our Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate
Programs Professional Certificates Research & Creative Achievement Centers & Institutes Undergraduate Teacher Education
Center Autonomous Vehicles & the City Initiative Facilities & Labs Innovation Hive Writing for a Real World School Life
Undergraduate Experience Graduate Experience Events Critical Diversity Studies Forum Global Feminist Forum Human Rights
Film Festival Davies Forum Graduate Admission How to Apply International Students Financial Aid Dean's Scholarship
Tests & Scores Program Contacts Info Sessions & Events Connect with a Current Student Biotechnology, PSM Financing Your
Biotechnology, PSM Program Overview Faculty Career Outcomes Internships FAQs Class Profile Advisory Board Financing
Your Education How to Apply Request Info Apply Now REQUEST APPLY VISIT Estimated Tuition The estimated cost of the
Biotechnology program is $1,660 per unit for the 2024-2025 academic year. Students typically take an average of 18
units in the first academic year and 18 units in the second academic year. A total of 36 units are required for the
degree. Program fees are subject to adjustment annually, and the number of required units may vary based on enrollment
status. Please contact Luwei Xie to discuss the specifics of the program. Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Scholarships
Double Dons Scholarship USF Alumni and current students can be awarded the USF Double Dons Scholarship upon admission.
The scholarship covers 20% of the program tuition, and may not be stacked with other USF scholarship awards. Exceptions
and for conference travel. Additional benefits include the Dean's Scholar kickoff and reception, connection with other
Dean's Scholars and with leaders across the college, and the chance to serve as program representatives to USF donors
and Development initiatives. To be considered for the $15,000 Dean's Scholarship towards their first year of tuition,
students must apply by the program's priority deadline. Diversity Scholarships Eligibility for this scholarship
includes membership in an underrepresented group in biotechnology and a clear intention to become a biotechnologist who
essays). To apply for this scholarship, applicants should submit the following essay along with other application
materials: A one-page essay (up to 400 words) demonstrating how diversity impacts your long-term career goal(s).
Environmental Biotechnology Scholarship This scholarship is awarded to students with research or career interests in
climate change and energy, environmental biotechnology, or ecological agriculture. One example is a student interested
in working at a synthetic biology-based company developing biofuels or genetically modified crops. The application is
open to admitted students only in mid-June. Merit-Based Scholarships The biotechnology program offers a limited number
of scholarships to new students. These program scholarships are merit-based, vary in amount, and cover part of tuition
costs. All applicants, both U.S. and international students, are considered for these scholarships during the admission
decision process; a separate application is not required. If a scholarship is awarded, it will be indicated in the
admission letter. Internships The biotechnology program has an internship requirement. Whether the internships are paid
or unpaid is determined by the external companies or organizations that offer them. Learn more about internships
Biotechnology, PSM Main Campus Christina Tzagarakis-Foster \ Brian Young, Program Co-Directors biotech@usfca.edu (415)
422-6820 2130 Fulton St.San Francisco, CA 94117-1080 Site Footer 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA
94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external)
Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Graduate Admission Careers at USF Contact Us Directory
News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Bookstore Course Catalog Library Campus Campus Safety Maps & Directions Title
University of San Francisco
Title: Scholarships & Aid - Santa Rosa | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/santa-rosa/scholarships-aid 
 Scholarships & Aid - Santa Rosa | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search:
Visit usfca.edu Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Our Difference Our
Vision Our People Leadership Our Faculty Locations Sacramento Santa Rosa South Bay East Bay School News Our Programs
Master's Programs Doctoral Programs Certificates Academic Support Research & Centers CalEPIC Consortium Center for
Humanizing Education and Research About Us Events Faculty College Access Programs Educational Talent Search Resources
McGrath Institute for Jesuit Catholic Education Scholarships USF Community Mental Health Clinic School Life Community
Engagement & Activism Graduate Housing Organizations & Activities Student Ambassadors Student Events Student Services
Admission & Aid Application Requirements Deadlines Events & Fairs CBEST & CSET Resources Immunization Requirements
Teaching Weekends DACA & Undocumented Students International Students Frequently Asked Questions Financial Resources
Santa Rosa Programs Programs Marriage and Family Therapy, MA Teaching Credential with MA Student Services Facilities
Directions Scholarships & Aid Request Info Apply Now Request Apply The Northern Sonoma County Mental Health Talent
County is pleased to offer three scholarship opportunities for bicultural, bilingual Spanish speakers who agree to
provide mental health services in northern Sonoma County. The scholarship will cover 100% of the tuition cost of
enrollment in the Master of Arts in Counseling Psychology, Marriage and Family Therapy (MFT) program offered at the USF
Santa Rosa location. Preference considerations are given to students living in or near the towns of Cloverdale, Asti,
Geyserville, Simi, Healdsburg, Windsor and northern Santa Rosa along the Hwy. 101 corridor as well as to students who
intend to provide mental health services in northern Sonoma County during traineeship and for at least two years after
graduation at an approved site. In addition, financial need is taken into consideration and USF will request that
eligible students submit a 2024-2025 Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) at the time of application in
order to assess financial need. If a student is unable to complete a FAFSA for any reason, USF will assess their
financial eligibility on a case-by-case basis. For scholarship consideration, applicants should: Have a current
2024-2025 FAFSA on file, have applied to, been interviewed, and admitted to the MA in Counseling Psychology, MFT
program by July 1, 2024. Submit a complete application, including all documents, by June 15, 2024. It is highly
recommended that applicants submit their applications well before the June 15 deadline. It is quite possible that the
program will fill before June 15. Add to the end of their Statement of Intent that they are bilingual, bicultural
Spanish speakers who would like to be considered for the Northern Sonoma County Mental Health Talent Pipeline
Scholarship. Attend an Event Discover More Aid Site Footer 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555
Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is
external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Careers at USF Contact Us Directory News & Media Academics Academic
Calendar Bookstore Course Catalog Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Give to
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/news/Alissa-Head 
Term Search: Visit usfca.edu Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Our
Difference Mission & Vision Our Leadership Our Faculty School News Our Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate
Programs Professional Certificates Research & Creative Achievement Centers & Institutes Undergraduate Teacher Education
Center Autonomous Vehicles & the City Initiative Facilities & Labs Innovation Hive Writing for a Real World School Life
Undergraduate Experience Graduate Experience Events Critical Diversity Studies Forum Global Feminist Forum Human Rights
Film Festival Davies Forum Graduate Admission How to Apply International Students Financial Aid Dean's Scholarship
such as becoming student manager for her middle school and high school sports teams. Image Alissa Head was a student in
the USF Sport Management graduate program, and her family has established a scholarship in her name.In 2016, Alissa
came to USF to join the Sport Management graduate program, but she passed away in her final year of the program. Her
League of Her Own In high school, Alissa started to see the business side of sports. She found a new direction that
of sports, and she anticipated her graduate degree would open up a world of new opportunities for her. In September
Scholarship is an extension of her commitment to education and dedication to sports. A $25,000 gift from the Heads
and love their energy and outlook. We want to contribute to that for someone, especially someone who is focused on
determination and passion will live on through the creation of her scholarship which will help future Sport Management
students achieve their goals to work in sport." This is why the Heads want to help future USF Sport Management
A New Horizon for the Health & Life Sciences Giving Synergy in Science: Diez Cancer Biology Lab Integrates Student
LinkedIn Email more news Site Footer 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook
(link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is
external) Connect Graduate Admission Careers at USF Contact Us Directory News & Media Academics Academic Calendar
Bookstore Course Catalog Library Campus Campus Safety Maps & Directions Title IX Virtual Tour Apply Give to USF Visit
Title: $1 Million Scholarship Gift Supports Underrepresented Students | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/news/supporting-underrepresented-students 
 $1 Million Scholarship Gift Supports Underrepresented Students | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu
Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving
Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission &
Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions
Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San
Francisco Main Campus Downtown San Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage
Rates President & Leadership Board of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office
USF News Academics Learn to Create Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors
Graduate Programs Dual Degree Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic
Support Undergraduate Research Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health
Professions Advising Graduate & Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional
Certificates Executive Education The San Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges
College of Arts & Sciences School of Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health
Professions Libraries Admission & Aid Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International
Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions
Student Resources International Graduate Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of
Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty &
Research Faculty & Student Research Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia
Pacific Studies Center for Teaching Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane
Center for Catholic Social Thought & the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common
Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the
City The Campus Experience Arts & Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student
Activities Student Employment Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing
Dining on Campus Career Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events Giving $1 Million Scholarship
Gift Supports Underrepresented Students by Mary McInerney, Office of Development Communications June 1, 2017 In
addition to the regular academic support that USF provides, scholarship students will receive mentoring to help them
navigate university life and classes at USF. A 1967 graduate of the University of San Francisco has pledged $1 million
to the university to help support underrepresented students from communities in the East Bay. The scholarship fund will
provide each student with a $25,000 scholarship, every year for four years. Ten students will receive the scholarships.
The university is selecting academically qualified students with demonstrated financial need to receive the new
scholarship. The students are being chosen from area high schools as the donor wished, says Michael Beseda, vice
provost for strategic enrollment management at USF. Part of the plan is to make sure each student, in addition to all
of the regular academic support, is mentored to help them navigate university life and classes at USF. The goal is to
set up the students for success. The students also will be required to maintain a 3.0 grade point average. Diversity
and Inclusion Efforts USF has expanded efforts to reach students who are still underrepresented in higher education,
meet the need of students who are academically able and interested in the life-changing Jesuit education we offer here
who say we need to do a better job of connecting with Bay Area students and setting them up for success. This
the Jesuit education he received at USF with influencing his philanthropy, moving him to consider how he can help
he expressed interest in supporting the community there, particularly African American and Latino students. Rev. Paul
J. Fitzgerald, S.J., president of USF, says he is very grateful to this alumnus who wants to support USF and help us
continue building a diverse and inclusive environment at the university. He said he would love to see others support
in support of Changing the World from Here: Campaign for the University of San Francisco. Related News Giving A New
Horizon for the Health & Life Sciences Giving Synergy in Science: Diez Cancer Biology Lab Integrates Student Research
Email more news Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA
94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external)
Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media
Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title
of San Francisco
Title: Financing Your Education - Urban & Public Affairs, MA | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/arts-sciences/programs/graduate/urban-public-affairs/financial-aid 
 Financing Your Education - Urban & Public Affairs, MA | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter
a Search Term Search: Visit usfca.edu Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni
Giving Our Difference Mission & Vision Our Leadership Our Faculty School News Our Programs Undergraduate Programs
Graduate Programs Professional Certificates Research & Creative Achievement Centers & Institutes Undergraduate Teacher
Education Center Autonomous Vehicles & the City Initiative Facilities & Labs Innovation Hive Writing for a Real World
School Life Undergraduate Experience Graduate Experience Events Critical Diversity Studies Forum Global Feminist Forum
Human Rights Film Festival Davies Forum Graduate Admission How to Apply International Students Financial Aid Dean's
Scholarship Tests & Scores Program Contacts Info Sessions & Events Connect with a Current Student Urban & Public
Affairs, MA Financing Your Education Urban & Public Affairs, MA Urban & Public Affairs, MA Program Overview Faculty
Internships Alumni & Careers Financing Your Education Contact Us How to Apply Request Info Apply Now REQUEST APPLY
VISIT Estimated Tuition The estimated cost of the Urban and Public Affairs program is $1,660 per unit for the 2024-2025
academic year, with a minimum of 17 units required to be completed each academic year. Students typically take an
average of 17 units in the first academic year and 16 units in the second academic year. A total of 33 units are
required for the degree. Program fees are subject to adjustment annually, and the number of required units may vary
based on enrollment status. Please contact Kresten Froistad-Martin (kfroistadmartin@usfca.edu) to discuss the specifics
of the program. Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Scholarships We offer merit-based scholarships to new students on a
competitive basis. These program scholarships are limited in number, vary in amount and cover part of tuition costs.
All applicants to the program, both U.S. and international students, are considered for these scholarships when
applications are reviewed. There is no separate application for this type of financial assistance. Applicants will be
recipients compensation for research and for conference travel. Additional benefits include the Dean's Scholar kickoff
and reception, connection with other Dean's Scholars and with leaders across the college, and the chance to serve as
program representatives to USF donors and Development initiatives. To be considered for the $15,000 Dean's Scholarship
towards their first year of tuition, students must apply by the program's priority deadline. Double Dons Scholarship
USF Alumni and current students can be awarded the USF Double Dons Scholarship upon admission. The scholarship covers
20% of the program tuition, and may not be stacked with other USF scholarship awards. Exceptions may apply. Double Dons
on MyUSF Internships There is an internship option in the program. Whether internships are paid or unpaid is determined
by the type of internship, and the external organizations that offer them. Site Footer 2130 Fulton Street San
Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link
is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Graduate Admission Careers at USF Contact Us
Directory News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Bookstore Course Catalog Library Campus Campus Safety Maps &
Directions Title IX Virtual Tour Apply Give to USF Visit myUSF Consumer Information Privacy Statement Web Accessibility
Title: Scholarships - Information Systems, MS | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/management/programs/graduate/information-systems/scholarships 
 Scholarships - Information Systems, MS | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term
Search: Visit usfca.edu Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Our
Difference Mission & Vision Our Leadership Our Faculty Accreditation Locations School News From the Dean's Desk Our
Programs Undergraduate Programs Accounting, BSBA Business Analytics Entrepreneurship & Innovation, BSBA Finance
Hospitality Management International Business Management Management, BAM Degree Continuation Marketing Graduate
Programs Entrepreneurship and Innovation, MS Information Systems, MS Marketing Intelligence, MS MBA Programs
Organization Development, MS Executive Education Business Analytics Certified Customer Success Manager Courses
Corporate Innovation Custom Programs Silicon Valley Immersion Engagement & Impact Gellert Family Business Center Malloy
Group for Organizational Science Consulting School Life Undergraduate Life Graduate Life Graduate Career Services The
Office of Student Success and Engagement USF Bloomberg Lab Graduate Admission & Aid How To Apply International
Applicants Transfer Applicants Deadlines Financial Aid MBA Referral Scholarship Events FAQ Information Systems, MS
Information Systems, MS Program Overview Faculty Student Experience Career Outcomes Scholarships Request Info Apply Now
REQUEST APPLY VISIT We offer a number of partial-tuition scholarships. Please complete the scholarship statement
portion of your application and address your unique qualifications for these awards. Please contact us at
management@usfca.edu for more information. Merit Scholarships Merit scholarships are awarded to students who have
demonstrated superior academic and/or professional achievements, and outstanding talent or commitment to
extracurricular activities, community service, leadership, entrepreneurship. Merit Scholars should also fully embody
the USF mission to change the world for the better. The University of San Francisco School of Management greatly values
diversity and offers merit scholarships to applicants from regions and countries around the globe that embrace regular
interaction with different cultures and societies. View full list of merit scholarships Graduate Admission & Aid We are
committed to providing you with excellent educational opportunities and assisting your in meeting the cost of a private
education. Financial Aid Tuition Site Footer 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-6771 Follow us
Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube
(link is external) Connect Careers at USF Contact Us Directory News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Bookstore
Course Catalog Library Campus Campus Safety Maps & Directions Title IX Virtual Tour Apply Give to USF Visit myUSF
Title: Together, Lone Mountain Alumnae Raise $2 Million for Scholarships | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/news/together-lone-mountain-alumnae-raise-2-million-scholarships 
 Together, Lone Mountain Alumnae Raise $2 Million for Scholarships | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu
Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving
Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission &
Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions
Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San
Francisco Main Campus Downtown San Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage
Rates President & Leadership Board of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office
USF News Academics Learn to Create Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors
Graduate Programs Dual Degree Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic
Support Undergraduate Research Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health
Professions Advising Graduate & Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional
Certificates Executive Education The San Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges
College of Arts & Sciences School of Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health
Professions Libraries Admission & Aid Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International
Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions
Student Resources International Graduate Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of
Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty &
Research Faculty & Student Research Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia
Pacific Studies Center for Teaching Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane
Center for Catholic Social Thought & the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common
Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the
City The Campus Experience Arts & Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student
Activities Student Employment Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing
Dining on Campus Career Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events Giving Together, Lone
Mountain Alumnae Raise $2 Million for Scholarships by Tara Kyle, Office of Development Communications February 17, 2016
With dedication and heart, more than 200 Lone Mountain alumnae have made a major investment in future teachers who
share their passion for service. Created in 2004 and endowed in 2006, the Lone Mountain Legacy Endowed Scholarship
Heart, a society of nuns known for their deep devotion to education. Before the Jesuits purchased Lone Mountain College
scholarship fund from approximately $650,000 to approximately $2 million, through a combination of gifts and pledges.
That achievement will allow more deserving students to benefit from larger scholarships. In doing so, the scholarship
the city of San Francisco and into the heart of the public schools, you would be amazed at the number of women who were
generosity of these scholarship donors will provide aspiring and practicing teachers with access to an education that
of the School of Education. Connolly, who taught in local Catholic schools before moving into education administration,
to a combination of formal efforts and informal conversations among longtime friends, relatives, and neighbors, all of
whom motivated each other to give. Inside the School of Education, 15 students have already benefited from the Lone
Mountain Legacy Endowed Scholarship. Thanks to the strength of the recent campaign, the collective action of these
pouring over rare books in the Lone Mountain Library (now the Del Santo Reading Room) after one of the nuns encouraged
about the alumnae of Sacred Heart Lone Mountain and their legacy at USF This gift was made in support of Changing the
World from Here: Campaign for the University of San Francisco. Virginia Maloney Baldelli '62, Etienne Schier Simon '44,
and Virginia Murillo '48 Share Copy Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Email more news Site Footer University of San Francisco
Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link
is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us
Directory Careers at USF News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps &
Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Visit Give to USF myUSF Consumer Information Privacy Statement Web
Title: Financing Your Education - Public Administration, MPA University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/arts-sciences/programs/graduate/public-administration/scholarships 
 Financing Your Education - Public Administration, MPA University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a
Search Term Search: Visit usfca.edu Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving
Our Difference Mission & Vision Our Leadership Our Faculty School News Our Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate
Programs Professional Certificates Research & Creative Achievement Centers & Institutes Undergraduate Teacher Education
Center Autonomous Vehicles & the City Initiative Facilities & Labs Innovation Hive Writing for a Real World School Life
Undergraduate Experience Graduate Experience Events Critical Diversity Studies Forum Global Feminist Forum Human Rights
Film Festival Davies Forum Graduate Admission How to Apply International Students Financial Aid Dean's Scholarship
Tests & Scores Program Contacts Info Sessions & Events Connect with a Current Student Public Administration, MPA
Financing Your Education Public Administration, MPA Public Administration, MPA Program Overview Mission & Goals Faculty
Advisory Board Career Outcomes Scholarships How to Apply Request Info Apply Now REQUEST APPLY Estimated Tuition The
estimated cost of the Public Administration program is $1,660 per unit for the 2024-2025 academic year, with a minimum
of 8 units required to be completed each academic year. Students typically take an average of 18 units in the first
academic year and 20 units in the second academic year. A total of 38 units are required for the degree. Program fees
are subject to adjustment annually, and the number of required units may vary based on enrollment status. Please
contact Kresten Froistad-Martin (kfroistadmartin@usfca.edu) to discuss the specifics of the program. Financial Aid
Tuition Program Scholarships We offer a limited number of merit-based scholarships to incoming students on a
competitive basis for up to $10,000 to highly selective applicants to support their first-year study in the program.
All applicants, both U.S. and international students, are considered for these scholarships when the applications are
reviewed. There is no separate application for this type of financial assistance. Applications received before the
recipients compensation for research and for conference travel. Additional benefits include the Dean's Scholar kickoff
and reception, connection with other Dean's Scholars and with leaders across the college, and the chance to serve as
program representatives to USF donors and Development initiatives. To be considered for the $15,000 Dean's Scholarship
towards their first year of tuition, students must apply by the program's priority deadline. Double Dons Scholarship
USF Alumni and current students can be awarded the USF Double Dons Scholarship upon admission. The scholarship covers
20% of the program tuition, and may not be stacked with other USF scholarship awards. Exceptions may apply. Double Dons
on MyUSF On-Campus Student Employment Enrolled students can apply for student employment opportunities on campus to
earn additional income towards tuition or day-to-day expenses. International students are eligible to work on campus
for up to 20 hours per week during the semester and up to 35 hours during the summer period and intersession. Non-USF
Financial Aid Applicants can also seek out non-USF financial aid to fund their graduate education. Public &
Administration Scholarship This scholarship is awarded to select MPA students that show exceptional leadership in
government service and community management. Lieutenant Barbara Hammerman Memorial Scholarship Lieutenant Barbara
Hammerman served the citizens of San Mateo with distinction for 21 years as a member of the San Mateo Police
Department. She championed the rights and protection of the vulnerable in our society. Barbara was the trailblazer who
the first woman in the County to ride on the motorcycle unit, the first to establish random Child Seat Restraint
Checkpoints at schools, and the first to establish drunk-driving checkpoints in the City. She consulted high schools on
drug trends, trained probation officers on signs and symptoms of drug abuse, and was the first narcotic's detective in
Merit Scholarships Merit scholarships are awarded to students who have demonstrated superior academic and/or
professional achievements, and outstanding talent or commitment to extracurricular activities, community service,
leadership, entrepreneurship. Merit Scholars should also fully embody the USF mission to change the world for the
better. The University of San Francisco School of Management greatly values diversity and offers merit scholarships to
applicants from regions and countries around the globe that embrace regular interaction with different cultures and
societies. View full list of merit scholarships Site Footer 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555
Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is
external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Graduate Admission Careers at USF Contact Us Directory News & Media
Academics Academic Calendar Bookstore Course Catalog Library Campus Campus Safety Maps & Directions Title IX Virtual
of San Francisco
Title: Scholarship Creates Pathways to Health Care for Youth | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/news/bibeau-scholarship 
 Scholarship Creates Pathways to Health Care for Youth | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter
a Search Term Search: Visit usfca.edu Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni
Giving Our Difference Mission, Vision & Values Our People Our Leadership Our Faculty Alumni San Francisco Advantage
Accreditation News Offices & Services Employment 70 Years Anniversary 70 Stories of Impact Our History & Sisters of
Mercy Our Programs Undergraduate Programs Nursing, BSN Public Health, BS Graduate Programs Clinical Psychology, PsyD
Family Nurse Practitioner, DNP Nursing, MSN Psychiatric Mental Health Nurse Practitioner, DNP Public Health, MPH Health
Systems Leadership, DNP Engagement & Impact Simulation Center & Clinical Skills Lab Clinical Skills Lab Simulation
Center Service Abroad & Immersion Programs Preceptor Program School Life Events Crawford Lecture Organizations &
Activities Admission & Aid Application Deadlines Financing Your Education International Students Request Information
Undocumented Students & DACA Giving Scholarship Creates Pathways to Health Care for Youth by Robin Dutton-Cookston,
Office of Development Communications February 10, 2020 Nursing and health profession students in simulator lab USF
nursing students are changing the world through health care and increasing access to it for underprivileged children
and families in the Central Valley of California. As part of a summer immersion program funded by a group of USF
seen a health care provider before. Carole Bibeau graduated in 1966 with a degree in nursing, and spent her life living
Scholarship. A Legacy of Compassion Always innovative yet compassionate, Bibeau helped establish hospice care in
dignity and beauty of each person no matter where they are on their life journey. She plowed the field and moved it
temporary pop-up health clinics. The clinics provide physicals to students in grades K-12 per who may otherwise have
limited or no access to medical care. Parents often also participate, many of whom have never seen a health care
provider before. The average income for participants in the program is $40,000 for a family of four and the young
patients are often the children of migrant farmworkers. The Central Valley nursing immersion program is transformative
to respect the dignity of the families and provide crucial health care services, regardless of ability to pay or
Carole Bibeau Scholarship enables current USF nursing students to offer the same compassionate and values-based care
that Bibeau demonstrated in her own career. The members of the Class of 1966 who created the scholarship get together
program on a blog created by USF nursing students: https://usfpartnersinthevalley.wordpress.com/ To learn more about
supporting the Bibeau Scholarship and the School of Nursing and Health Professions, contact Jayme Burke, Director of
Development, School of Nursing and Health Professions at (415) 422-4049 or jlburke3@usfca.edu. This gift was made in
support of Changing the World from Here: Campaign for the University of San Francisco. Related News Giving A New
Horizon for the Health & Life Sciences Giving Synergy in Science: Diez Cancer Biology Lab Integrates Student Research
Email more news Site Footer 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is
external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is
external) Connect Careers at USF Contact Us Directory News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Bookstore Course Catalog
Library Campus Campus Safety Maps & Directions Title IX Virtual Tour Apply Give to USF Visit myUSF Consumer Information
Title: The Marin Diverse Educators Scholarship Awards its First Recipient | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/news/marin-diverse-educators-thu-huong-cao 
 The Marin Diverse Educators Scholarship Awards its First Recipient | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu
Search Enter a Search Term Search: Visit usfca.edu Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics
Alumni Giving Our Difference Our Vision Our People Leadership Our Faculty Locations Sacramento Santa Rosa South Bay
East Bay School News Our Programs Master's Programs Doctoral Programs Certificates Academic Support Research & Centers
CalEPIC Consortium Center for Humanizing Education and Research About Us Events Faculty College Access Programs
Educational Talent Search Resources McGrath Institute for Jesuit Catholic Education Scholarships USF Community Mental
Health Clinic School Life Community Engagement & Activism Graduate Housing Organizations & Activities Student
Ambassadors Student Events Student Services Admission & Aid Application Requirements Deadlines Events & Fairs CBEST &
CSET Resources Immunization Requirements Teaching Weekends DACA & Undocumented Students International Students
Frequently Asked Questions Financial Resources Giving The Marin Diverse Educators Scholarship Awards its First
Recipient by Matilda Tavares, Office of Development Communications September 30, 2020 Thu Huong Cao (left), a
first-year student in the Master of Arts in Urban Education & Social Justice Program is the inaugural recipient of the
Marin Diverse Educators Scholarship. Thu Huong Cao, a first-year student in the Master of Arts in Urban Education &
Social Justice Program is the inaugural recipient of the Marin Diverse Educators Scholarship. Established by alumna Jan
McDougal MA '11 and her husband Steve McDougal, the scholarship supports students of color in the School of Education
who are currently teaching or have intentions to teach, at a K-12 public school in Marin County, California. Born in
Vietnam, Cao immigrated to the United States when she was just a year old. From the day of her arrival, Cao has lived
in San Rafael in Marin County. While she has a deep appreciation for her community in San Rafael, Cao admits that as a
first-generation Asian-American, growing up in the predominantly white community had its challenges. When it came to
her education, the lack of educators of color directly affected her understanding of self-efficacy and success. Now, as
an educator of color herself, Cao hopes to change the often isolating experience of education for youth of color by
trying to understand what it meant to go to a school where no one looked like me and no one could relate to my
color serving as an example, entering the field of education had never crossed her mind. When Cao started taking ethnic
studies courses, specifically, Asian-American studies coursework at San Francisco State University, her viewpoint on
led her to pursue a Master of Arts in Urban Education & Social Justice at USF. In addition to being a teaching program,
the Master of Arts in Urban Education & Social Justice program is uniquely centered on preparing teachers for
transformative practice in schools that serve historically marginalized populations. The critical framework and social
justice pedagogy the program teaches is what Cao believes has been missing from traditional education and yet essential
to serving students of color. Change as a Life Mission As the first recipient of the Marin Diverse Educators
Scholarship, Cao is grateful for the financial support this scholarship provides to pursue her dream of serving youth
inclusive. As a teacher of color, I want to bring my wealth of knowledge and experience into spaces that need
non-profit organization, Pin@y Educational Partnerships (PEP). After graduation, Cao intends to teach history courses
in Marin County. She knows there is a desperate need for educators of color and she is ready to create a different form
of history curriculum, one that features the power narratives and stories of communities of color in the U.S.
Continuing the Legacy Cao hopes that the Marin Diverse Educators Scholarship can continue to support future generations
of teachers whose life mission is to serve youth, especially youth of color, through transformative education. She is
just one of many educators of color who, with the support of this fund will go on to be advocates for their own
students, lead in schools, promote social justice, and continue the fight against systemic oppression. This fall, an
anonymous donor is generously matching gifts dollar-for-dollar up to $25,000 to support this scholarship and future
recipients like Cao. Please make your matching gift today and help us by spreading the word about this important
Share Copy Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Email more news Site Footer 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA
94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external)
Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Careers at USF Contact Us Directory News & Media
Academics Academic Calendar Bookstore Course Catalog Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title
of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/financial-aid/scholarships/chancellors-award 
a Search Term Search: Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu
Link) (Menu Link) Students Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our
Jesuit Roots Agents for Change Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon
Neutral San Francisco's University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main
Campus Downtown San Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates
President & Leadership Board of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News
Academics Learn to Create Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate
Programs Dual Degree Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support
Undergraduate Research Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions
Advising Graduate & Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates
Executive Education The San Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of
Arts & Sciences School of Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries
Admission & Aid Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates &
Deadlines Meet Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources
International Graduate Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price
Calculator Types of Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty &
Student Research Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies
Center for Teaching Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for
Catholic Social Thought & the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good
Innovation Labs Star Route Farms Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City
The Campus Experience Arts & Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student
Activities Student Employment Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing
for Catholic High School Graduates Continue your Catholic education at USF, and receive a $5,000 annual scholarship.
Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Cost of Attendance Undergraduate
Costs Graduate Costs Net Price Calculator Types of Aid Types of Aid Federal & State Grants Federal Work-Study Loans
Tuition Exchange Explore, engage, and improve the world with a liberal arts education grounded in Jesuit, Catholic
tradition. Be a person for and with others. Address inequities to create a more humane and just world. Come join us on
our mission. Chancellor's Award Eligibility To be eligible for the award, you must: Be admitted to USF for fall 2025.
Graduate (or have graduated) from a Catholic or Jesuit high school before your first semester at USF. If you meet these
conditions, you will automatically receive a $5,000 annual award toward the cost of tuition. No separate scholarship
application is required. The award is renewable annually for up to four years (for first-year students) or three years
(for transfer students), provided you maintain satisfactory academic progress each semester. To stay updated on
deadline reminders and application tips, join our mailing list. Change the World From Here Come to USF and practice
cura personalis, or care for the whole person. Leave with a calling to serve others. Previous slide Next slide Meet the
Chancellor Rev. John Fitzgibbons, S.J. helps spread our Jesuit Catholic mission to the city and beyond. Meet the
Chancellor University Ministry The University Ministry supports your religious needs and helps you explore your
spiritual potential while in college. University Ministry Our Jesuit Values Our top three values: Take care of the
whole person (cura personalis). Be a person for others. Embrace diversity in all its forms. See Our Values Research for
the Common Good Research opportunities exist for all students, regardless of your major. See Research Opps
social justice issues. Learn More Application Details What We Look For Test Optional Dates & Deadlines Early
application. First Year App Transfer App Office of Financial Aid Main Campus financialaid@usfca.edu (415) 422-3387 Lone
Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us
Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube
(link is external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog
Bookstore Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Visit Give to USF myUSF Consumer
Title: Tuition & Financial Aid - Computer Science, MS | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/arts-sciences/programs/graduate/computer-science/tuition-financial-aid 
 Tuition & Financial Aid - Computer Science, MS | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a
Search Term Search: Visit usfca.edu Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving
Our Difference Mission & Vision Our Leadership Our Faculty School News Our Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate
Programs Professional Certificates Research & Creative Achievement Centers & Institutes Undergraduate Teacher Education
Center Autonomous Vehicles & the City Initiative Facilities & Labs Innovation Hive Writing for a Real World School Life
Undergraduate Experience Graduate Experience Events Critical Diversity Studies Forum Global Feminist Forum Human Rights
Film Festival Davies Forum Graduate Admission How to Apply International Students Financial Aid Dean's Scholarship
Tests & Scores Program Contacts Info Sessions & Events Connect with a Current Student Computer Science, MS Tuition &
Financial Aid Computer Science, MS Computer Science, MS Program Overview Master's Project Faculty Alumni & Careers FAQs
Tuition & Financial Aid How to Apply Request Info Apply Now REQUEST APPLY VISIT Estimated Tuition The estimated cost of
Computer Science is $1,660 per unit for the 2024-2025 academic year, with a minimum of 18 units required to be
completed each academic year. Students typically take an average of 18 units in the first academic year and 18 units in
the second academic year. A total of 36 units are required for the degree. Program fees are subject to adjustment
annually, and the number of required units may vary based on enrollment status. Please contact the Program Director,
Scholarship grants recipients compensation toward tuition and can also be used for research and conference travel.
Additional benefits include the Dean's Scholar kickoff and reception, connection with other Dean's Scholars and with
leaders across the college, and the chance to serve as program representatives to USF donors and Development
initiatives. MSCS Scholarship for Diversity Awarded to incoming MSCS applicants with outstanding applications who are
either women and/or belong to a minority group underrepresented in the field of Computer Science. This award is for one
student per year for up to 10k. MSCS Admission Scholarship Awarded to incoming MSCS applicants with outstanding
applications from all backgrounds. Approximate awards range up to $5k over the first year of study. MSCS Merit
Scholarship Awarded to a limited number of current MSCS graduate students. Approximate awards range up to $2k. The
travel. Additional benefits include the Dean's Scholar kickoff and reception, connection with other Dean's Scholars and
with leaders across the college, and the chance to serve as program representatives to USF donors and Development
initiatives. Double Dons Scholarship USF Alumni and current students can be awarded the USF Double Dons Scholarship
upon admission. The scholarship covers 20% of the program tuition, and may not be stacked with other USF scholarship
awards. Exceptions may apply. Double Dons on MyUSF Applications should be submitted by March 1st for priority
scholarship consideration. Scholarships require students to maintain a 3.0 GPA or higher. No application is required
are several employment opportunities for domestic and international students to offset the cost of living in the area.
Assistantships There are a limited number of teacher assistant or research assistant positions available to current
graduate students every semester. These on-campus positions usually require approximately 10 hours per week and pay an
hourly wage. They do not provide tuition remission, and positions are not promised as part of the admission process.
Internships Our prime location in the San Francisco Bay Area and proximity to Silicon Valley means there are many
off-campus internships available for current graduate students that pay a competitive wage. There are various other
on-campus positions available to both domestic and international students. See the Financial Aid page for all programs
for more details. Tuition & Expenses What is the cost of tuition? The Master of Science in Computer Science is 36
units. Please see USF's Graduate Student Costs page. What will be my living expenses? Living expenses include rent,
food, transportation, and utilities such as electricity and gas. Most students choose to live off-campus, but limited
on-campus housing is available. See Student Housing for more information. Does the MSCS program offer scholarships?
Yes, the MSCS program awards several merit-based scholarships every year. Does the MSCS program offer financial aid?
The MSCS program do not offer any need-based scholarships or awards. However, there are on-campus positions, off-campus
positions, and several other financial aid options that can offset the cost of the program. Does the MSCS program offer
financial aid? The MSCS program do not offer any need-based scholarships or awards. However, there are on-campus
positions, off-campus positions, and several other financial aid options that can offset the cost of the program. How
do I apply for a scholarship? We automatically consider all applicants, including domestic and international
applicants. There is not a separate application for scholarships. Can I have a job to help pay for school? Being a
full-time student is like a full-time job. However, some students are able to work part-time during the academic year
or full-time during the summer to gain experience and offset the costs of tuition. There are no restrictions for
domestic students, but international students must check their visa restrictions first. See the master's project option
for more information. Site Footer 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link
is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is
external) Connect Graduate Admission Careers at USF Contact Us Directory News & Media Academics Academic Calendar
Bookstore Course Catalog Library Campus Campus Safety Maps & Directions Title IX Virtual Tour Apply Give to USF Visit
Title: Scholarships - Nursing, BSN | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/nursing/programs/undergraduate/nursing/scholarships 
 Scholarships - Nursing, BSN | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search:
Visit usfca.edu Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Our Difference
Mission, Vision & Values Our People Our Leadership Our Faculty Alumni San Francisco Advantage Accreditation News
Offices & Services Employment 70 Years Anniversary 70 Stories of Impact Our History & Sisters of Mercy Our Programs
Undergraduate Programs Nursing, BSN Public Health, BS Graduate Programs Clinical Psychology, PsyD Family Nurse
Practitioner, DNP Nursing, MSN Psychiatric Mental Health Nurse Practitioner, DNP Public Health, MPH Health Systems
Leadership, DNP Engagement & Impact Simulation Center & Clinical Skills Lab Clinical Skills Lab Simulation Center
Service Abroad & Immersion Programs Preceptor Program School Life Events Crawford Lecture Organizations & Activities
Admission & Aid Application Deadlines Financing Your Education International Students Request Information Undocumented
Programs Nursing, BSN Nursing, BSN Nursing, BSN Program Overview Clinical Nurse Leader (4+1), BSN/MSN Careers Faculty
Scholarships Admission Request Apply Visit REQUEST APPLY VISIT Scholarships The School of Nursing and Health
programs are designed to support students who have been traditionally underrepresented in higher education (e.g.,
Black/African American, Latinx, Native American, Alaskan and Hawaiian Native, Cambodian, Hmong, and Vietnamese
students). Song Brown Grant This grant from the California Office of Statewide Health Planning and Development is
designed to increase the number of nursing students trained in areas of unmet need in the state. Funds are awarded to
schools who have successfully recruited, retained, and graduated students who are underrepresented in the health
professions and are working in medically underserved, rural, and primary care venues after graduation. Scholarship
amount: Awards are $2,500 per semester/$5,000 per year. A total of 18 scholarships were awarded for the 2020-21
academic year. Who can apply: Current full-time nursing students who identify as one of the underrepresented groups
listed above, with an overall GPA of 2.9 or higher. Additional consideration is given to first-generation college
students. How to apply: Applicants complete a one-page essay describing why they should be considered for the
scholarship, submit unofficial transcripts, and interview for the award. Applications open in July for the 2021-22
school year. If selected, students must agree to be followed after graduation until they have passed the NCLEX and
found employment as a registered nurse. Contact Dr. Angela Banks, RN, PhD for more information. HRSA Scholarship This
$3.25 million grant from the U.S. Human Resources and Services Administration will provide 25 nursing students with
scholarships through June 30, 2025. Recipients will be supported from recruitment and college entrance through their
nursing degrees, with the goal of increasing diversity and the number of healthcare professionals working in medically
underserved communities and primary care venues. This grant aims to recruit and retain students who have faced
economic, environmental, or educational disadvantages, with a priority focus on African American, Latinx, and
Vietnamese students in these circumstances. Scholarship amount: Awards are $13,000 per semester/$26,000 per year. Who
can apply: Current and incoming full-time nursing students who identify as one of the underrepresented groups listed
above, with an overall GPA of 2.9 or higher. Students must have at least two semesters remaining in the nursing program
and have at least $26,000 in unmet financial need to qualify. How to apply: Students who qualify for the program will
receive an email inviting them to apply. As part of the application, students complete two short essays describing
their circumstances and how the funds will help them become a registered nurse. If selected, recipients must reapply
for funding each year and maintain a GPA of 2.9 or higher each semester to continue receiving the scholarship funds.
They also must enter a mentoring program, meet monthly with their mentor, and be willing to work in a medically
underserved community, rural, or primary care setting after graduation. Contact Dr. Angela Banks, RN, PhD for more
information. Estimated Costs Information regarding your undergraduate tuition rate is available on the undergraduate
admission website. If you have any questions regarding tuition, feel free to contact Student Enrollment Services.
Undergraduate Student Costs Financial Aid USF offers a wide range of financial aid to all undergraduates, including
institutional grants, merit scholarships, loans and federal work-study. Your eligibility can depend on your academic
achievement or family financial need. Learn More About Financial Aid Site Footer 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA
94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external)
Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Careers at USF Contact Us Directory News & Media
Academics Academic Calendar Bookstore Course Catalog Library Campus Campus Safety Maps & Directions Title IX Virtual
of San Francisco
Title: Scholarships for Social Justice | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/news/scholarships-social-justice 
 Scholarships for Social Justice | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search:
Visit usfca.edu Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Our Difference Our
Vision Our People Leadership Our Faculty Locations Sacramento Santa Rosa South Bay East Bay School News Our Programs
Master's Programs Doctoral Programs Certificates Academic Support Research & Centers CalEPIC Consortium Center for
Humanizing Education and Research About Us Events Faculty College Access Programs Educational Talent Search Resources
McGrath Institute for Jesuit Catholic Education Scholarships USF Community Mental Health Clinic School Life Community
Engagement & Activism Graduate Housing Organizations & Activities Student Ambassadors Student Events Student Services
Admission & Aid Application Requirements Deadlines Events & Fairs CBEST & CSET Resources Immunization Requirements
Teaching Weekends DACA & Undocumented Students International Students Frequently Asked Questions Financial Resources
Giving Scholarships for Social Justice by Matilda Tavares, Office of Development Communications January 20, 2021
students in the school of education With its dedication to human rights, critical theory, and engaged scholarship, the
University of San Francisco School of Education has a long-standing legacy of fostering scholars and practitioners with
a deep sense of social responsibility and justice. Many students arrive at the School of Education as current or
aspiring teachers, counselors, community organizers, and administrators. While at USF, they experience the power of
transformative education and through it become activists and educators equipped to serve vulnerable communities. With
growing health, racial, social, and economic disparities, the School of Education is doubling down on its legacy by
expanding on enrollment, curriculum, and resources with the help of donors. Education as a Humanizing Experience At the
needs. With this donation in-hand, Dean Koirala-Azad and her team reached out to students, faculty, and staff, asking;
how can education be humanizing in a time of chaos; how can USF support you in a time of great uncertainty; and how can
USF as a collective support social justice in a time of growing disparities? In response to the answers they received,
her team began to implement changes throughout the school. Faculty restructured classes to fit an online environment.
Adjustments were made to curriculum and instruction to address evolving needs within an uncertain context. Dean
Koirala-Azad began hosting weekly public Zoom sessions to provide open lines of communication between herself and
students. The school also launched its Center on Humanizing Education and Research (CHER) with a speaker series focused
on humanizing education in the promotion of racial justice. Alleviating the Challenges of the Pandemic The responses
from students have been overwhelmingly thankful toward the school, Dean Koirala-Azad, and the donors who helped support
support, and scholarship I receive from my professors and advisors. Thanks to my courses and lessons I have been able
to refine the community mental health program I created to support immigrant and refugee community leaders working for
educational organization called Making Us Matter. We are currently working towards developing a global network of Black
educators who work collectively to create an empowering curriculum for Black youth. The scholarships and the support
pandemic has made things especially difficult. Without the generous financial gift provided by donors, I would be
moment and seeing the need for transformative education to bring about meaningful and urgently needed changes. We can
see this in the critical need for racial justice, equity, and an overall need to dignify the human experience,
especially for those historically marginalized. This can only happen through a shift in consciousness, which is how we
define education. The USF School of Education has a long legacy of providing the type of education that advances social
School of Education. Another priority is to further develop the Center for Humanizing Education and Research (CHER) to
function as an incubator for faculty and student research. Both priorities cannot be achieved without the support of
with a legacy of living and advancing the Jesuit mission of educating minds, hearts, and souls that change the world,
visit www.usfca.edu/giving or contact Tina Burgelman, Director Development for the School of Education at
taburgelman@usfca.edu or (415) 867-0242. Related News Giving A New Horizon for the Health & Life Sciences Giving
Synergy in Science: Diez Cancer Biology Lab Integrates Student Research Giving First Generation, Boundless Ambitions:
San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn
(link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Careers at USF Contact Us Directory
News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Bookstore Course Catalog Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus
University of San Francisco
Title: Financial Aid - Graduate Admission - School of Management | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/management/graduate-admission-aid/financial-aid 
 Financial Aid - Graduate Admission - School of Management | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search
Enter a Search Term Search: Visit usfca.edu Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni
Giving Our Difference Mission & Vision Our Leadership Our Faculty Accreditation Locations School News From the Dean's
Desk Our Programs Undergraduate Programs Accounting, BSBA Business Analytics Entrepreneurship & Innovation, BSBA
Finance Hospitality Management International Business Management Management, BAM Degree Continuation Marketing Graduate
Programs Entrepreneurship and Innovation, MS Information Systems, MS Marketing Intelligence, MS MBA Programs
Organization Development, MS Executive Education Business Analytics Certified Customer Success Manager Courses
Corporate Innovation Custom Programs Silicon Valley Immersion Engagement & Impact Gellert Family Business Center Malloy
Group for Organizational Science Consulting School Life Undergraduate Life Graduate Life Graduate Career Services The
Office of Student Success and Engagement USF Bloomberg Lab Graduate Admission & Aid How To Apply International
Applicants Transfer Applicants Deadlines Financial Aid MBA Referral Scholarship Events FAQ MASAGUNG GRADUATE SCHOOL OF
MANAGEMENT Financial Aid Home School of Management Graduate Admission & Aid Financial Aid Graduate Admission & Aid How
To Apply How To Apply International Applicants Transfer Applicants Deadlines Financial Aid Financial Aid MBA Referral
Scholarship Events FAQ Request Info Apply Now REQUEST APPLY We offer you a variety of partial tuition scholarships to
domestic and international students. U.S. Citizens and Permanent Residents are eligible for low-interest loans offered
by the U.S. federal student loan program. For information on federal student loans, visit www.fafsa.ed.gov, or contact
the USF Financial Aid Office at (415) 422-2020 or financialaid@usfca.edu. You may also wish to visit the USF Financial
aid website. The USF school code for FAFSA is 001325. We recommend that you submit your FAFSA as early as possible,
even before an admission decision is made. External Resources For Domestic Students FAFSA - Federal and State grants,
work-study and loan California Student Aid Commission - making education affordable US Department of Education
finaid.org - The Smart Student Guide to Financial Aid Sallie Mae - Nobody lends you more support. National Association
of Student Financial Aid Administrators - Both grants and loans available MoneyGeek.com - Paying for College guide
Scholarships Please review the scholarship descriptions below to determine scholarship eligibility and complete the
scholarship essay found in the online application to indicate for which of these scholarships you believe you are
qualified and why. The majority of scholarship award notifications are included in the official acceptance package. It
is important to apply to a graduate program early to receive full consideration for these scholarships. Please complete
the scholarship statement portion of the application and address your unique qualifications for these awards. Please
contact us for more information. management@usfca.edu (415) 422-2221 Merit Scholarships Merit scholarships are awarded
to students who have demonstrated superior academic and/or professional achievements, and outstanding talent or
commitment to extracurricular activities, community service, leadership, entrepreneurship. Merit Scholars should also
fully embody the USF mission to change the world for the better. The University of San Francisco School of Management
greatly values diversity and offers merit scholarships to applicants from regions and countries around the globe that
embrace regular interaction with different cultures and societies. Civil Servant Merit Scholarship The Civil Servant
Merit Scholarship is awarded to a student who is currently or was previously employed in city, state, federal or
for a more just and humane world, these scholarships are awarded on a competitive basis to a limited number of students
who have demonstrated meritorious achievements in community service activities in either paid or volunteer positions.
International Merit Scholarships As an institution that greatly values diversity and global perspectives, these
achievements. No additional application materials are required. Entrepreneurship and Innovation Merit Scholarship The
Entrepreneurship and Innovation Merit Scholarship is awarded to a student who currently owns or operates or previously
owned or operated a business or organization. International Merit Scholarship The University of San Francisco School of
Management greatly values diversity and offers merit scholarships to applicants from regions and countries around the
globe that embrace regular interaction with different cultures and societies. LGBTQ Merit Award Awarded to an
outstanding applicant(s) who demonstrates service to or achievement in the gay, lesbian, bisexual of transgender
community. Applicants may identify as a member or ally of the LGBTQ community. Return to USF on aDouble Dons
Scholarships Many USF Masagung School of Management alum have provided financial opportunities to current students.
Each applicant may be reviewed for a donor scholarship which could include: Litvak Social Innovation scholarship,
Richard Puntillo First Generation Scholarship. Corporate Sponsorship Your employer agrees to pay for all or part of
your education in exchange for you remaining employed at the company for a certain number of years post-graduation.
Tuition Reimbursement According to your employer's tuition reimbursement policy, you pay for your education
out-of-pocket and subsequently file for reimbursement. Degree-Specific Scholarships Full-Time MBA Part-Time MBA
Entrepreneurship & Innovation Non-USF Scholarships College Sports Scholarships USAScholarships List of College Sports
Fast Web Scholarship and College search on the web College Board Inside source for connecting to college opportunity &
success Scholar's Aid Large database + advice on ways to pay for college Scholarships.com Scholarship search &
financial aid resource CollegeNET Profile search through $1.6 billion in scholarships American Indian College Fund
Native American scholarships Bureau of Indian Education Native American scholarships United Negro College Fund African
American scholarships Asian & Pacific Islander American Scholarship Fund Asian American scholarships Hispanic
Scholarship Fund Latino scholarships Mexican American Legal Defense and Educational Fund Latino scholarships Financial
Woman's Association of San Francisco Provides graduate and undergraduate scholarships to San Francisco Bay Area women
pursuing careers in finance and financial services Giva Inc. Scholarship grant aimed at assisting undergraduate or
graduate students further their education as well as expand their social responsibility and community service footprint
in the world The LAGRANT Foundation LAGRANT Foundation marketing scholarship Military MBA Military MBA scholarships
GraduateTutor.com Business School Scholarship Directory Educators For Fair Consideration Empowering undocumented young
scholarship-granting organization for lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, and queer (LGBTQ) students of merit Go Grad
Expert-driven guide to master's degrees for veterans and active military Maddy Institute's Wonderful Public Service
Graduate Fellowship Fellowships for San Joaquin Valley students who are accepted at nationally ranked graduate programs
in Public Administration/Public Policy, Business, Urban Planning, or Social Welfare MoneyGeek.com Scholarship Search
Searchable database of verified scholarships MoneyGeek.com Scholarship Guide for Hispanic Students A Complete Guide to
Finding Scholarships and Financial Resources for Hispanic Students MoneyGeek.com Scholarships and Grants for Native
American Students A Complete Guide to Finding Scholarships and Financial Resources for Native American Students Gay
Asian Pacific Alliance (GAPA) Foundation Grants & Scholarships Grants and scholarships to empower the Asian/Pacific
Islander LGBTQ community Cost of Attendance The Masagung Graduate School of Management is committed to providing
excellent educational opportunities and to assisting students in meeting the cost of a private education. USF's Tuition
Page Graduate Admission: Masagung Graduate School of Management Downtown San Francisco management@usfca.edu (415)
Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-6771 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external)
LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Careers at USF Contact Us
Directory News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Bookstore Course Catalog Library Campus Campus Safety Maps &
Directions Title IX Virtual Tour Apply Give to USF Visit myUSF Consumer Information Privacy Statement Web Accessibility
Title: Financing Your Education - Psychiatric Mental Health Nurse Practitioner, DNP | University of San Francisco
 url:
https://www.usfca.edu/nursing/programs/graduate/psychiatric-mental-health-nurse-practitioner/financing-your-education 
 Financing Your Education - Psychiatric Mental Health Nurse Practitioner, DNP | University of San Francisco Skip to
Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Visit usfca.edu Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate
Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Our Difference Mission, Vision & Values Our People Our Leadership Our Faculty Alumni San
Francisco Advantage Accreditation News Offices & Services Employment 70 Years Anniversary 70 Stories of Impact Our
History & Sisters of Mercy Our Programs Undergraduate Programs Nursing, BSN Public Health, BS Graduate Programs
Clinical Psychology, PsyD Family Nurse Practitioner, DNP Nursing, MSN Psychiatric Mental Health Nurse Practitioner, DNP
Public Health, MPH Health Systems Leadership, DNP Engagement & Impact Simulation Center & Clinical Skills Lab Clinical
Skills Lab Simulation Center Service Abroad & Immersion Programs Preceptor Program School Life Events Crawford Lecture
Organizations & Activities Admission & Aid Application Deadlines Financing Your Education International Students
Request Information Undocumented Students & DACA Psychiatric Mental Health Nurse Practitioner, DNP Financing Your
Nurse Practitioner, DNP A graduate education is a significant investment in your future. The School of Nursing and
Health Professions (SONHP) is proud to offer a variety of ways to assist in funding your education. Psychiatric Mental
Health Nurse Practitioner, DNP Psychiatric Mental Health Nurse Practitioner, DNP Program Overview Psychiatric Mental
Health Nurse Practitioner (BSN), DNP Psychiatric Mental Health Nurse Practitioner (MSN), DNP Dual Degree, MPH/DNP
Certificate Faculty Student Projects & Publications Financing Your Education Admission FAQs Request Info Apply Now
REQUEST APPLY The first step in applying for financial aid at USF is to submit your Free Application for Federal
Student Aid (FAFSA). There is no FAFSA deadline for graduate students, but students are encouraged to start the Free
Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) as early as possible. The FAFSA code for the University of San Francisco
(USF) is 001325. All USF financial aid awards and scholarships will require the completion of a FAFSA. Please refer to
number of scholarships and funding options. Most scholarships are awarded on the basis of financial need, which will be
determined by the completion of a Scholarship Application at the time of application to a graduate program or by a
continuing student's completion during the Fall of each academic year. A limited number of scholarships will also be
awarded on the basis of merit. The following information describes funding resources that may be useful to your
graduate studies. Estimated Costs Please note that tuition rates and fees are subject to change and more information
can be found about tuition and graduate student fees on the university tuition and fees schedule. In addition to
tuition, there are fees for graduate students, including mandatory health insurance and Associate Graduate Students of
multi-semester awards for students in SONHP graduate programs who demonstrate outstanding experience or potential in
the following areas: academics, commitment to social justice and community service, and leadership. Scholarships can
students starting the MSN program (Please note: MSN for Registered Nurses, RN-MSN, only) with their friends and/or
colleagues, coming from the same agency/hospital/employer. Three (3) students must start the program in the same
semester and must be associated with one another, personally or professionally. Each student will receive a $3,000
scholarship, disbursed over six (6) semesters, contingent upon maintaining a 3.0 or higher GPA. Nurse Practitioners and
Communities Together (NPCT) Scholarships These federally-funded scholarships support DNP students interested in
immersive NP primary care and accessible behavioral health care. The underlying grant is designed to increase the
numbers of NPs in rural and medically under-served areas and strengthen their knowledge and skills in providing
culturally competent, evidence-based integrated behavioral health in primary care using innovative methods (including
telehealth). The scholarship funds focus on students from the Central Valley and northeastern counties of California
and students who are committed to working in those areas after graduation. Awarded funds can range from $2,000 to
$20,000. This funding is limited to the next three academic years. Health Professions Education Foundation (HPEF)
Scholarship Established in 1987, the Health Professions Education Foundation (HPEF) is the state's only nonprofit
foundation statutorily created to encourage students from underrepresented communities to become health professionals
and increase access to health providers in medically underserved areas. Supported by grants, donations, licensing fees,
and special funds, the foundation offers scholarship and loan repayment programs to students and graduates who agree to
practice in California's medically underserved communities. Thanks to its track record of delivering health providers
to areas of need, HPEF has garnered approximately 5,400 award, totaling more than $47 million for allied health,
nursing, mental health, and medical students and recent graduates practicing 56 of California's 58 counties. Graduate
Nursing and PsyD in Clinical Psychology (PsyD) students are eligible. Elissondo Research Scholarship This fund provides
up to $300 per student upon request in support of a professional development opportunity. Yellow Ribbon Program The
Yellow Ribbon GI Education Enhancement Program (Yellow Ribbon Program) is a provision of the Post-9/11 (Chapter 33)
that allows veterans to attend private schools and graduate programs costing more than the state tuition cap. Awards
will be made on a first come, first-served basis. Veteran Enrollment Services Staudenraus Scholarship Students in the
Master's Entry - MSN are eligible to receive funding through this scholarship. First priority goes to students
Scholarship available for students in the Master's Entry - MSN program (Please note: Only applicable to the Master's
Entry MSN option) for students interested in nursing leadership roles. Federal Student Loans For U.S. Citizens and
Eligible Non-Citizens U.S. Citizens and U.S. Permanent Residents are eligible for a Federal Stafford Loan of $20,500
for each year of graduate studies. In addition, the Federal Grad PLUS Loan program covers remaining tuition and living
expenses. Apply for FAFSA Loan Forgiveness Opportunities HRSA Nurse Faculty Loan Program (NFLP) The Nurse Faculty Loan
Program (NFLP) is a loan forgiveness program that prepares and trains qualified nurse educators to fill faculty
vacancies and raise the number of trained nurses entering the workforce. Students can receive up to $35,500 per year in
funding for up to 5 years. This loan program can provide up to 85% loan forgiveness (plus interest thereon) upon
completion of up to four years of full-time employment after graduation from an advanced education nursing degree
program. HRSA Nurse Faculty Loan Program Health Resources and Services Administration (HRSA) Workforce Connector
Graduates can use the Health Resources and Services Administration (HRSA) Workforce Connector to find jobs with loan
repayment. HRSA Workforce Connector Financial Aid for Undocumented Students Although undocumented students do not have
legal U.S. immigration status, which prevents them from receiving state (Cal Grant) and federal (FAFSA) financial aid,
USF is committed to supporting all students regardless of the identities they hold. The School of Nursing and Health
Professions has several scholarship opportunities for applicants that are granted based on need and merit. Candidates
are eligible to apply for scholarships upon submission of their application for admission. Your application will be
handled with the utmost confidentiality and care. For questions regarding the application process, please contact
Carolyn Arroyo, carroyo2@usfca.edu. USF has joined with the Association of Jesuit Colleges and Universities to express
their unwavering support for Undocumented students. If you would like to read the full Association of Jesuit Colleges
and Universities statement please visit the AJCU Presidents' Statement. The list below consists of some internal and
external scholarships and resources such as search databases available to undocumented students: USF Jesuit Community
Magis Endowed Scholarship for Undocumented/DACA Graduate Students - The USF Jesuit community offers scholarships to
undocumented graduate students with a maximum of $1,000 awarded. Paul & Daisy Soros Fellowships for New Americans -
Supports 30 New Americans, immigrants or the children of immigrants, who are pursuing graduate school in the United
States. Each Fellowship supports one to two years of graduate study in any field and in any advanced degree-granting
program in the United States. Manos De Esperanza Scholarship - The Manos de Esperanza organization grants scholarships
to students that have a history of performing public service activities in their communities and who plan on
contributing in the future. Students who demonstrate excellent leadership skills are highly encouraged to apply. MPOWER
Global Citizen Scholarship - For international students or DACA students who are currently enrolled or accepted to
study full-time degree programs at a school MPOWER supports. The scholarship award ranges from $1,000-$3,000.
Additional Resources for Undocumented Students External Scholarships Nurse Corps Scholarship Program - This Nurse Corps
students in exchange for a minimum two-year full-time service commitment at a health care facility with a critical
shortage of nurses. AACN Scholarship - Two scholarships in the amount of $2,500 will be awarded twice yearly to
students pursuing professional nursing degrees. Recovery Village HealthCare Scholarship - Nursing students interested
in substance abuse or mental health may be eligible to receive $1,000. HealthCare Leadership Scholarship - Any student
currently enrolled in a healthcare related undergraduate, graduate or doctorate level program is eligible. Award
amounts up to $1000. AfterCollege Nursing Student Scholarship - This $500 award is open to currently enrolled students
students in a graduate program with the goal of becoming a nurse educator; students completing an RN-to-BSN or
RN-to-MSN program; and those enrolled in an accelerated program. AfterCollege-AACN Scholarship Fund - This scholarship
will be given to students in a graduate program with the goal of becoming a nurse educator, students completing an
RN-to-BSN or RN-to-MSN program; and those enrolled in an accelerated program. One scholarship in the amount of $2,500
will be awarded each quarter. Applications are due by the following deadlines: 3/31*, 6/30*, 9/30*, 12/31*
DiversityNursing Education Award - This $5000 award is available to students enrolled in an accredited School of
Nursing in a professional registered nurse program (baccalaureate, graduate, associate degree or diploma) OR work
Full-Time, Part-Time or Per Diem as a Registered Nurse, LPN, Nurse Practitioner or Nurse Leader/Administrator at a U.S.
based organization. Nursing Map License - An extensive list of over 350 nursing scholarships, grants, and loan
repayment programs. Resources for Undocumented Students The Hispanic Health Professional Student Scholarship E4FC
Hispanic Scholarship Fund HS Finder Scholarship Search Fastweb Scholarship Search MALDEF Scholarship Scholarship A-Z
Tuition & Fees Site Footer 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is
external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is
external) Connect Careers at USF Contact Us Directory News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Bookstore Course Catalog
Library Campus Campus Safety Maps & Directions Title IX Virtual Tour Apply Give to USF Visit myUSF Consumer Information
Title: Financial Women of SF Providing More Than Just a Scholarship | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/management/news/financial-women-of-sf-providing-more-just-scholarship 
 Financial Women of SF Providing More Than Just a Scholarship | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search
Enter a Search Term Search: Visit usfca.edu Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni
Giving Our Difference Mission & Vision Our Leadership Our Faculty Accreditation Locations School News From the Dean's
Desk Our Programs Undergraduate Programs Accounting, BSBA Business Analytics Entrepreneurship & Innovation, BSBA
Finance Hospitality Management International Business Management Management, BAM Degree Continuation Marketing Graduate
Programs Entrepreneurship and Innovation, MS Information Systems, MS Marketing Intelligence, MS MBA Programs
Organization Development, MS Executive Education Business Analytics Certified Customer Success Manager Courses
Corporate Innovation Custom Programs Silicon Valley Immersion Engagement & Impact Gellert Family Business Center Malloy
Group for Organizational Science Consulting School Life Undergraduate Life Graduate Life Graduate Career Services The
Office of Student Success and Engagement USF Bloomberg Lab Graduate Admission & Aid How To Apply International
Applicants Transfer Applicants Deadlines Financial Aid MBA Referral Scholarship Events FAQ Equipped to Lead and Succeed
Financial Women of SF Providing More Than Just a Scholarship by School of Management MBA August 14, 2015 Arriel
of Management, were recently awarded scholarships from the Financial Women of San Francisco Association (FWSF) for
their work and dedication in the financial field. These women were honored at the FWSF Luncheon, where they spoke about
the impact of receiving this award. The FWSF Scholarship Fund has been providing graduate and undergraduate
scholarships to San Francisco Bay Area women pursuing careers in finance and financial services since 1985. Along with
their scholarship funds, winners also receive mentorship from members of the organization and receive the opportunity
winning the scholarship. For Ye, the opportunities available were what motivated her to apply for the scholarship in
it encourages you to keep connections with professors and previous employers. It means the most to be recognized by
these women and to work with a mentor in the financial field. I can apply what I learned over the course of the process
to my future goals." According to Carolyn Margiotti, FWSF Scholarship Team Lead for USF, Ye and Sherman were selected
for the scholarship because they showed passion for FWSF, their future goals in finance and giving back to the
community. Ye and Sherman both overcame adversity early in their careers and came to USF to grow both personally and
professionally. Sherman credits the work she did with Making Waves, an education program, for making an impact on her
mind, called She Believes! [is] about making it okay to ask for help, to share failures, [and to develop] a network
worked closely with Professors Claudia Roehl and Nicholas Tay, whom she credits much of her success from at the
university. She was also elected Vice President of the Graduate Student Association. Similarly, Sherman is the Vice
President of Challenge for Charity and has volunteered with organizations like SF Food Bank, Special Olympics and
of San Francisco Association Scholarship Share Copy Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Email more news Site Footer 2130 Fulton
Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-6771 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external)
LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Careers at USF Contact Us
Directory News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Bookstore Course Catalog Library Campus Campus Safety Maps &
Directions Title IX Virtual Tour Apply Give to USF Visit myUSF Consumer Information Privacy Statement Web Accessibility
Title: Masterful Minds | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/news/masterful-minds 
 Masterful Minds | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Visit usfca.edu
Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) JD LLM & Grad Tax Visit Law Library Giving Alumni & Friends Our Difference Our Campus Our
Mission & History Our People Faculty & Impact Leadership Quick Facts Consumer Information (ABA Required Disclosures)
Directory San Francisco Advantage Our Programs JD Program Full-Time Part-Time Dual Degree Programs Certificates LLM &
Graduate Tax Programs Intellectual Property & Technology Law, LLM International Transactions & Comparative Law, LLM
Master of Legal Studies in Taxation, MLST Taxation, LLM Academic Services Areas of Study Alternative Dispute Resolution
Animal Law Constitutional Law Corporate & Commercial Law Criminal Law & Procedure Discrimination Law Environmental &
Energy Law Estate Planning & Family Law Immigration Law Intellectual Property, Technology, & Entrepreneurship Law
International & Comparative Law Labor & Employment Law Litigation & Trial Advocacy Public Interest & Social Justice
Sports, Entertainment, & the Arts Taxation Law School Life & Careers Career Services Find Your Path Market Yourself Get
Hands-On Experience Build Your Network Hire USF Law Career Services Team Health & Wellness Housing at St. Anne's
Organizations & Associations Public Service & Social Justice Centers & Programs Center for Contemplative Law & Ethics
Center for Law, Tech, and Social Good The McAuliffe Honor Society Work Law & Justice Program Events Publications School
of Law News Engaged Learning Externships Intensive Advocacy Program Keta Taylor Colby Death Penalty Project Law Clinics
Legal Research, Writing & Analysis Moot Court First Year Program Advanced Moot Court Advocacy Competition Teams
Volunteer Registration Student-Run Academic Journals Admissions & Aid JD Admissions JD Application Requirements
Admissions Policy Class Profile FAQ Honors Leadership Program Admissions Events Admitted Students LLM & Graduate Tax
Admissions LLM in Intellectual Property & Technology Law Applicants LLM in International Transactions & Comparative Law
Applicants LLM in Taxation Applicants Master of Legal Studies in Taxation Applicants Tuition & Financial Aid Tuition &
Financial Aid for JD Tuition & Financial Aid for LLM & Grad Tax Law Student Veterans Plan a Visit Detailed Driving
Directions Public Transportation Directions Equipped to Lead and Succeed Masterful Minds by Monica Villavicencio
October 23, 2019 Provost Scholars Before they came to USF School of Law, they were entrepreneurs, scientists, and
accountants. They trained horses professionally, worked at Fortune 500 companies, and navigated naval ships. They
to produce a diverse community of lawyers who think critically and do good in the world. First offered in fall 2016,
the Provost Scholarship is one of several merit-based scholarships available to incoming students. Provost Scholars
starting their legal careers, they are already sharpening their skills as advocates and making an impact in their
communities. Meet five. Alexis Ramsey Image Provost Scholar Alexis RamseyHer mother studied marine biology. Her father
during college. She planned to pursue a career as a cancer researcher. It was her twin sister, Jessica '21, who first
floated the idea of careers in patent law for both of them. Ramsey consulted an advisor, who was getting a patent in
cancer research, and she was intrigued. Both sisters applied to law schools and when Ramsey was awarded the Provost
ended up on a cross- country road trip from Maryland to California bound for law school. They arrived just days before
classmates, and mentors, including one who suggested she apply to the Intensive Advocacy Program (IAP), a two-week
practice taking depositions, cross-examining witnesses, and making opening and closing statements. At the end of the
course, each student conducts a mock jury trial. Ramsey participated in IAP at the end of her first year, just before
a front row seat to the rise of tech giants like Google and Facebook, the gentrification of neighborhoods like the
tenants facing eviction. The summer after his first year at USF, Maclan served as a law clerk at the collaborative,
Last summer, Maclan interned on the alternative investment funds team at Andersen Tax, a financial advisory and
consulting firm. At Andersen, Maclan, who was an accountant at Oracle before law school, was able to combine his
international law firm Jones Day. Moreno has made it a goal to work with as many professors as he could. One professor
Justice Law Clinics. Moreno spent a semester in the Racial Justice Clinic representing a Humboldt State University
student facing disciplinary proceedings. Another highlight has been his ongoing work as a research assistant to
Professor Joshua Davis. Davis, who has published widely on antitrust issues, is conducting research on antitrust class
action lawsuits. As part of the research, Moreno is collecting and analyzing data on completed antitrust class action
Jellins has been training horses professionally since college. Just after graduation, she spent several years at a
nonprofit providing equine therapy to children with autism. Jellins now runs her own horse training business, a venture
problem-solving skills. When you have your own business, you have to deal with everything yourself, including managing
focus and time management skills, and, Jellins adds with a laugh, not a whole lot of sleep. Jellins initially enrolled
in the part-time program so she could continue running her business. She found, though, that she loved law school so
bootcamp, solidified her interest in litigation. To that end, Jellins spent last summer as an associate at Wilson
Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, a premier law firm specializing in business, securities, and intellectual property law.
Jellins worked in securities and commercial litigation, a path she plans to pursue after graduation. Still, she says,
in with his classmates, many of whom were half his age. Wiese arrived at USF with not one, but two careers under his
belt. His first was in the Navy, as a frigate navigator. Wiese then got an MBA and worked in finance. He also married
too, was Wiese inspired by Professor Daniel Lathrope, whose class on federal income tax ignited in Wiese a desire to
guard clients' assets. Wiese served as president of the Estate Planning and Tax society, through which he made many
an alumnus, you can bet the graduate on the other end of the phone is going to help you or put you in touch with
Heights Share Copy Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Email more news Site Footer 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA
94117-1080415-422-6307 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external)
Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Careers at USF Contact Us Directory News & Media
Academics Academic Calendar Bookstore Course Catalog Library Apply Give to USF Visit myUSF Consumer Information Privacy
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/news/first-generation-boundless-ambitions 
Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni
Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our
Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New
Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our
Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License
Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the
President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs
Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate
Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement
Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate & Professional Experience The Graduate Experience
Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic
Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of Education School of Law School of Management School
of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students
International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate
Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial
Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF
Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art &
Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social
Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought & the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for
Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism
& Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts & Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness
Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop
Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News
age, allowing her to see behind the curtain. Her experience with her grandfather motivated her to enroll in a dual
degree program called Silicon Valley Career Technical Education (SVCTE) while she was still attending high school. Her
program in SVCTE catapulted her medical knowledge, and solidified her decision to pursue a nursing education. As her
high school career would come to a close and decision time came for college, she had three choices, but when she
thought about who was going to offer her the best career path for nursing, all roads led to USF. A Myriad of Gifts
Science in Nursing (MSN) program next year. I also saved up to go on a medical immersion program with USF in Lesotho
organizes an annual global health immersion program that acquaints USF students with the challenges faced by health
systems in resource-limited countries. Nguyen and seven other USF students visited the mountain kingdom of Lesotho, a
policies and ways to implement policy, and they (medical professionals in Lesotho) taught the students their history
and background of healthcare policies and their healthcare system. Together, they strategized on how to retain doctors,
modes of transportation on how to distribute healthcare items, how to recruit out of country doctors to help lead
cannulas that connect oxygen tubes for neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) babies, and a doctor was able to figure out
how to oxygenate three NICU babies at a time instead of just using one nasal cannula per baby. It taught me to be
grateful and appreciative of innovation, and how as healthcare professionals we are always trying to push the
and acquired hands-on experiences with patients. She has seen all the different paths of the career field before
stepping foot into her first nursing job. As Nguyen prepares for her next chapter, she knows that her USF scholarship
granted her the college and career experience to feel confident in taking her next step in pursuing an MSN degree. A
Related News Faculty & Staff Achievements Meet The New Associate Dean for Faculty Scholarship Passion for Justice New
2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is
external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us
Directory Careers at USF News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps &
Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Visit Give to USF myUSF Consumer Information Privacy Statement Web
Title: Dr. Angela Banks awarded the Song Brown grant to increase education opportunities to ethnic minorities |
University of San Francisco
 url:
https://www.usfca.edu/news/dr-angela-banks-awarded-the-song-brown-grant-increase-education-opportunities-ethnic-minoriti
es 
 Dr. Angela Banks awarded the Song Brown grant to increase education opportunities to ethnic minorities | University of
San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Visit usfca.edu Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link)
Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Our Difference Mission, Vision & Values Our People Our Leadership
Our Faculty Alumni San Francisco Advantage Accreditation News Offices & Services Employment 70 Years Anniversary 70
Stories of Impact Our History & Sisters of Mercy Our Programs Undergraduate Programs Nursing, BSN Public Health, BS
Graduate Programs Clinical Psychology, PsyD Family Nurse Practitioner, DNP Nursing, MSN Psychiatric Mental Health Nurse
Practitioner, DNP Public Health, MPH Health Systems Leadership, DNP Engagement & Impact Simulation Center & Clinical
Skills Lab Clinical Skills Lab Simulation Center Service Abroad & Immersion Programs Preceptor Program School Life
Events Crawford Lecture Organizations & Activities Admission & Aid Application Deadlines Financing Your Education
International Students Request Information Undocumented Students & DACA Diversity Dr. Angela Banks awarded the Song
Brown grant to increase education opportunities to ethnic minorities April 22, 2022 Angela Banks, Professor at the
School of Nursing and Health Professions, received a $384,000 grant from the Office of State Health Planning and
Development. The University of San Francisco Song Brown RN Program strives to increase education opportunities for
partnership with Immaculate Conception Academy to identify potential Hispanic/Latino nursing students, and the training
be a recipient of the Song Brown scholarship. To me, being a Song Brown scholar honors my family's courageous history
and my parents' sacrifices of immigrating here from Vietnam without parents when they were young adolescents. I am the
living embodiment of their sacrifices, lessons and love, and I am overjoyed to join a resilient community of nurse
mentors and leaders and help expand the discussion of representation in nursing and healthcare. This scholarship has
been a tremendous financial aid to my family and I as well because my mother had a stroke before I went to nursing
school; as a result, she is now on disability and can no longer work. This opportunity means so much, and I express my
commitment to diversify the nursing profession and ensure our students thrive is noticeable. She works tirelessly to
Pearce. Congratulations to Dr. Banks. We are grateful for her commitment to our students. Diversity Meet Your
Professor: Alette Coble-Temple Diversity USF Celebrates Black History Month 2024 Diversity The Center for Business
Studies and Innovation in Asia-Pacific at the University of San Francisco Welcomes Ambassador Chantale Wong, U.S.
Director of the Asian Development Bank, on September 18 Share Copy Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Email more news Site
Footer 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram
(link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Careers at
USF Contact Us Directory News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Bookstore Course Catalog Library Campus Campus Safety
Maps & Directions Title IX Virtual Tour Apply Give to USF Visit myUSF Consumer Information Privacy Statement Web
Title: Green Focuses Scholarship on Systemic Disparate Treatment Theory | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/news/green-focuses-scholarship-systemic-disparate-treatment-theory 
 Green Focuses Scholarship on Systemic Disparate Treatment Theory | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu
Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving
Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission &
Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions
Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San
Francisco Main Campus Downtown San Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage
Rates President & Leadership Board of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office
USF News Academics Learn to Create Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors
Graduate Programs Dual Degree Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic
Support Undergraduate Research Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health
Professions Advising Graduate & Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional
Certificates Executive Education The San Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges
College of Arts & Sciences School of Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health
Professions Libraries Admission & Aid Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International
Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions
Student Resources International Graduate Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of
Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty &
Research Faculty & Student Research Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia
Pacific Studies Center for Teaching Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane
Center for Catholic Social Thought & the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common
Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the
City The Campus Experience Arts & Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student
Activities Student Employment Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing
Dining on Campus Career Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events Passion for Justice Green
Focuses Scholarship on Systemic Disparate Treatment Theory April 27, 2011 The working group, which consists of leading
employment discrimination scholars from around the country, met for the first time at the USF School of Law on March
discuss the future of systemic disparate treatment law and also to provide academic commentary on the underlying
addition to Green and Zatz, members of the working group include George E. Osborne Professor of Law Richard Ford,
Stanford University Law School; Associate Professor of Law Melissa Hart, University of Colorado Law School; and Samuel
Plaintiffs have long established employer liability under this theory by showing a pattern or practice of
change that for future plaintiffs. Green argues in her article that it would be a mistake to constrict systemic
disparate treatment law just when discrimination on an individual level is more difficult to identify and prove. She
in the regulatory scheme that individual disparate treatment law does not; its preservation is crucial for combating
well as shorter articles and commentary by other members of the working group will be published in Berkeley Journal of
Employment and Labor Law later this year. Share Copy Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Email more news Site Footer University
of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external)
Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect
Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus
Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Visit Give to USF myUSF Consumer Information Privacy
Title: Scholarships - Types of Aid | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/financial-aid/scholarships 
 Scholarships - Types of Aid | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search:
Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link)
Students Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents
for Change Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San
Francisco's University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus
Downtown San Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President &
Leadership Board of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics
Learn to Create Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs
Dual Degree Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support
Undergraduate Research Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions
Advising Graduate & Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates
Executive Education The San Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of
Arts & Sciences School of Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries
Admission & Aid Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates &
Deadlines Meet Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources
International Graduate Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price
Calculator Types of Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty &
Student Research Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies
Center for Teaching Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for
Catholic Social Thought & the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good
Innovation Labs Star Route Farms Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City
The Campus Experience Arts & Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student
Activities Student Employment Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing
Dining on Campus Career Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events TYPES OF AID Scholarships
scholarships for full-time undergraduate students because we know the importance of investing in you. This year, the
considered for merit scholarships, no separate application needed. Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid
Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Cost of Attendance Undergraduate Costs Graduate Costs Net Price Calculator
Types of Aid Types of Aid Federal & State Grants Federal Work-Study Loans Scholarships Scholarships Scholarships for
Outcomes REQUEST INFO Merit Scholarships for First-Year Students Merit scholarships for first-year students are awarded
based on your USF-calculated GPA in core academic subjects. Merit scholarships are renewable each year for up to four
years, as long as you maintain Satisfactory Academic Progress toward your degree. Fall 2024 first-year merit
scholarships Merit award* Amount University Scholarship $29,000 Presidential Scholarship $24,000 Provost Scholarship
$22,000 Hilltop Scholarship $20,000 Ignatius Scholarship $18,000 Dons Scholarship $16,000 *Merit scholarships can only
be applied to tuition. Students admitted to our Hilltop first-year nursing program are not included in the criteria
above; they are awarded a new Araoz Nursing Scholarship in the amount of $24,000. Scholarships for Transfer Students
Image USF offers merit scholarships, Phi Theta Kappa honor society scholarships, and scholarships for students
transferring from select community colleges in the Bay Area.See our Transfer Scholarships Merit Scholarships for
International Students Merit scholarships for first-year students are awarded based on your USF-calculated GPA in core
academic subjects. Merit scholarships are renewable each year for up to four years, as long as you maintain
Satisfactory Academic Progress toward your degree. Fall 2024 international first-year merit scholarships Merit award
Scholarship 3.85 - 3.94 $22,000 Hilltop Scholarship 3.7 - 3.84 $20,000 Ignatius Scholarship 3.45 - 3.69 $18,000 Dons
$17,000 3.50 - 3.74 $14,000 3.20 - 3.49 $11,000 2.90 - 3.19 $8,000 Unfortunately, USF does not offer full tuition
scholarships for international students, and international students are not eligible for need-based financial aid.
Jesuit high school, you are eligible to receive a $5,000 annual scholarship toward the cost of tuition, renewable for
up to four years (three years if you are a transfer student), provided you maintain satisfactory academic progress each
semester. Learn more about the Chancellor's Award Need-based Scholarships USF offers additional institutional grants
and scholarships to students who have demonstrated financial need. To be eligible, you must submit a FAFSA (U.S.
citizens) or CA Dream Act application (for undocumented or eligible non-citizens) by their required deadlines. These
additional grants can be used for tuition only. Athletic Scholarships Athletic scholarships are offered for
Please call the Athletic Department at (415) 422-6891 for more information. Army ROTC Scholarships Army ROTC offers
four-, three- and two-year scholarships that pay full tuition costs plus an annual stipend for books and supplies.
Learn how to apply for Army ROTC scholarships. Please call the Recruiting Operations Officer Aubrey Cubilo at (415) 422
-2562 or email at acubilo@usfca.edu for more information. Outside Scholarships With research and advance planning, you
can apply for additional scholarships offered by other companies, foundations, or organizations. These scholarships can
help reduce your cost of attendance. Learn more about pursuing outside scholarships. Office of Financial Aid Main
Campus financialaid@usfca.edu (415) 422-3387 Lone Mountain Main 2032800 Turk Blvd.San Francisco, CA 94118 Hours Monday
Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link
is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News &
Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety
University of San Francisco
Title: Professor Alice Kaswan Appointed Associate Dean for Faculty Scholarship | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/law/news/professor-alice-kaswan-appointed-associate-dean 
 Professor Alice Kaswan Appointed Associate Dean for Faculty Scholarship | University of San Francisco Skip to Content
Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Visit usfca.edu Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) JD LLM & Grad Tax Visit Law
Library Giving Alumni & Friends Our Difference Our Campus Our Mission & History Our People Faculty & Impact Leadership
Quick Facts Consumer Information (ABA Required Disclosures) Directory San Francisco Advantage Our Programs JD Program
Full-Time Part-Time Dual Degree Programs Certificates LLM & Graduate Tax Programs Intellectual Property & Technology
Law, LLM International Transactions & Comparative Law, LLM Master of Legal Studies in Taxation, MLST Taxation, LLM
Academic Services Areas of Study Alternative Dispute Resolution Animal Law Constitutional Law Corporate & Commercial
Law Criminal Law & Procedure Discrimination Law Environmental & Energy Law Estate Planning & Family Law Immigration Law
Intellectual Property, Technology, & Entrepreneurship Law International & Comparative Law Labor & Employment Law
Litigation & Trial Advocacy Public Interest & Social Justice Sports, Entertainment, & the Arts Taxation Law School Life
& Careers Career Services Find Your Path Market Yourself Get Hands-On Experience Build Your Network Hire USF Law Career
Services Team Health & Wellness Housing at St. Anne's Organizations & Associations Public Service & Social Justice
Centers & Programs Center for Contemplative Law & Ethics Center for Law, Tech, and Social Good The McAuliffe Honor
Society Work Law & Justice Program Events Publications School of Law News Engaged Learning Externships Intensive
Advocacy Program Keta Taylor Colby Death Penalty Project Law Clinics Legal Research, Writing & Analysis Moot Court
First Year Program Advanced Moot Court Advocacy Competition Teams Volunteer Registration Student-Run Academic Journals
Admissions & Aid JD Admissions JD Application Requirements Admissions Policy Class Profile FAQ Honors Leadership
Program Admissions Events Admitted Students LLM & Graduate Tax Admissions LLM in Intellectual Property & Technology Law
Applicants LLM in International Transactions & Comparative Law Applicants LLM in Taxation Applicants Master of Legal
Studies in Taxation Applicants Tuition & Financial Aid Tuition & Financial Aid for JD Tuition & Financial Aid for LLM &
Grad Tax Law Student Veterans Plan a Visit Detailed Driving Directions Public Transportation Directions Faculty & Staff
Achievements Professor Alice Kaswan Appointed Associate Dean for Faculty Scholarship August 20, 2019 Alice Kaswan
Green, who served in that capacity for three years before transitioning into the role of associate dean for academic
affairs. The associate dean for faculty scholarship is focused on optimizing the impact of faculty scholarship while
work with faculty to maximize visibility and help relay their insights to relevant professional and policy circles.
will help build interdisciplinary connections within the larger USF community. Kaswan is an expert on climate change
policy environmental justice and environmental federalism. She is an elected member of the American Law Institute and a
board of directors of the Center for Progressive Reform, an organization of environmental law professors committed to
She has authored numerous scholarly articles over the past twenty years, most recently in the University of Miami Law
Review, San Diego Journal of Climate and Energy Law, and Columbia Journal of Environmental Law. She also writes policy
& Staff Achievements Meet The New Associate Dean for Faculty Scholarship Faculty & Staff Achievements Johanna Kalb
Appointed Dean of the University of San Francisco School of Law Effective July 1, 2024 Faculty & Staff Achievements
Meet Your Professor: Henriette Cornet Share Copy Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Email more news Site Footer 2130 Fulton
Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-6307 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external)
LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Careers at USF Contact Us
Directory News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Bookstore Course Catalog Library Apply Give to USF Visit myUSF
Title: Scholarship Produced by Emeriti Faculty | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/news/scholarship-produced-emeriti-faculty 
 Scholarship Produced by Emeriti Faculty | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term
Search: Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu
Link) Students Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots
Agents for Change Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San
Francisco's University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus
Downtown San Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President &
Leadership Board of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics
Learn to Create Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs
Dual Degree Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support
Undergraduate Research Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions
Advising Graduate & Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates
Executive Education The San Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of
Arts & Sciences School of Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries
Admission & Aid Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates &
Deadlines Meet Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources
International Graduate Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price
Calculator Types of Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty &
Student Research Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies
Center for Teaching Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for
Catholic Social Thought & the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good
Innovation Labs Star Route Farms Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City
The Campus Experience Arts & Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student
Activities Student Employment Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing
Dining on Campus Career Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events Scholarship Produced by
many professors leave their full time activities at the law school they continue to publish important works at a
production from senior and emeriti faculty. It makes us proud, sets an example for younger faculty, and helps us
the USF School of Law McCarthy Institute for Intellectual Property and Technology Law. He is an internationally
renowned scholar on IP matters, and author of The Rights of Publicity & Privacy (West/Clark Boardman Callaghan,
law expert Professor Emeritus William Bassett who recently published Bassett on California Community Property Law
2009, Bassett served in Kabul, Afghanistan, on a rule of law project sponsored by the U.S. Agency for International
Development for which he wrote materials and taught Law of Real Estate Transactions. Professor Emeritus Jay Folberg,
who received the Lifetime Achievement Award from the American College of Civil Trial Mediators in 2012 and regularly
presents on conflict resolution nationally and internationally, is the co-author of Lawyer Negotiation: Theory,
Practice, and Law (Wolters Kluwer/Aspen Casebook Series, Second Edition 2010), Mediation: The Roles of Advocate and
Neutral (Wolters Kluwer/Aspen Casebook Series, Second Edition 2010), and Resolving Disputes: Theory, Practice, and Law
(Wolters Kluwer/Aspen Casebook Series, Second Edition 2010). His book on divorce and family mediation, co-authored with
with USF School of Law Professor Connie de la Vega, includes historical background, biographical information on
Eldon continued to rework the American Legal System course materials each year to improve and bring them up to date for
Encyclopedia of Human Rights (Oxford University Press, 2009), and Research Professor of Constitutional Policy John
which was recently published in paperback, explores the issue of presidential dominance and proposes that the First
Amendment ensure voices of opposition are heard. Assessing the right of political association, the use of public
on national security, Denvir examines why this democratic model of free speech is essential at all times, but
especially during the War on Terror. Mark Tushnet, William Cromwell professor of law at Harvard Law School, said the
of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external)
Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect
Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus
Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Visit Give to USF myUSF Consumer Information Privacy
Title: Scholarships Help Close the Gap | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/news/scholarships-help-close-the-gap 
 Scholarships Help Close the Gap | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search:
Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link)
Students Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents
for Change Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San
Francisco's University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus
Downtown San Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President &
Leadership Board of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics
Learn to Create Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs
Dual Degree Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support
Undergraduate Research Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions
Advising Graduate & Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates
Executive Education The San Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of
Arts & Sciences School of Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries
Admission & Aid Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates &
Deadlines Meet Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources
International Graduate Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price
Calculator Types of Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty &
Student Research Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies
Center for Teaching Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for
Catholic Social Thought & the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good
Innovation Labs Star Route Farms Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City
The Campus Experience Arts & Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student
Activities Student Employment Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing
Dining on Campus Career Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events Giving Scholarships Help
Close the Gap by Sara Rinaldi, Development Communications October 8, 2020 students at the top the spanish steps The
University of San Francisco makes supporting first-generation and under-represented students a priority. Committed to
serving those in need, USF provides scholarship support and makes education accessible to 37% of students who are the
first in their families to attend college. Scholarships are a point of pride at USF. Last year, the university publicly
launched Changing the World From Here, a $300 million fundraising campaign with a focus on students, programs, and
facilities. A primary priority, and one-third of the campaign, is to support students through financial assistance.
With over 2,100 different scholarship funds, USF provides a menu of opportunities for students. In the previous five
years, the university has raised over $162 million to support students through this important and formative time of
their lives. History of Support A majority of the scholarships at USF bolster and provide support to historically
underrepresented students. Over 130 undergraduate and graduate scholarships have been specifically created to support
students who represent first-generation, people of color, female-identified, need-based, and veteran student
populations. USF has been committed to social justice since its founding in 1855, creating educational access avenues
for underrepresented students for the past 165 years. This year, USF jumped 16 spots in social mobility, ranking 80th
recipient of the Read Scholarship, with opportunities to pursue her dream of attending USF. "When I first got my
acceptance letter to USF I didn't get too excited because I knew it was just a dream. My family was supporting my two
other sisters through college so I knew I wouldn't be able to attend without significant assistance. After I received
the notice about receiving a scholarship, I felt like my hard work had paid off. All those years of saving for college
and studying for several hours with a learning disability was worth it. I am so lucky to have the opportunity to go to
USF and thrive here." Philanthropy Deepening the USF Experience Scholarships can serve as a catalyst to attract
last academic year, whose experience at USF has been deepened through the power of philanthropy. Peter Wilch, Vice
President for Development, reflects, "When we receive gifts to support students from historically underrepresented
populations, the philanthropy not only impacts the student, it also provides a lift to their families, and to their
communities. Many of our alumni were first-generation college students themselves and their lives are an embodiment of
the promise we see in our current students. Access and social mobility have long been a part of our Jesuit DNA." By
prioritizing scholarships for first-generation and students with financial need, USF is a critical player in creating a
diverse and dynamic workforce. The University of San Francisco is a top national university for campus ethnic
diversity, ranked by U.S. News & World Report for 2021, tying with Stanford for fourth in the nation. Angelika
students through scholarships, USF distinguishes itself as a committed and diverse, socially responsible learning
community for students who are changing the world from here. Join us in helping close the gap to educational access,
Science: Diez Cancer Biology Lab Integrates Student Research Giving First Generation, Boundless Ambitions: Alyssa
Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link
is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us
Directory Careers at USF News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps &
Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Visit Give to USF myUSF Consumer Information Privacy Statement Web
Title: Financial Aid & Scholarships - International Studies, MA | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/arts-sciences/programs/graduate/international-studies/financial-aid-scholarships 
 Financial Aid & Scholarships - International Studies, MA | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search
Enter a Search Term Search: Visit usfca.edu Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni
Giving Our Difference Mission & Vision Our Leadership Our Faculty School News Our Programs Undergraduate Programs
Graduate Programs Professional Certificates Research & Creative Achievement Centers & Institutes Undergraduate Teacher
Education Center Autonomous Vehicles & the City Initiative Facilities & Labs Innovation Hive Writing for a Real World
School Life Undergraduate Experience Graduate Experience Events Critical Diversity Studies Forum Global Feminist Forum
Human Rights Film Festival Davies Forum Graduate Admission How to Apply International Students Financial Aid Dean's
Scholarship Tests & Scores Program Contacts Info Sessions & Events Connect with a Current Student International
International Studies, MA Financial Aid & Scholarships Our program offers some scholarships that are awarded to
students on a competitive basis as well as research assistantship opportunities. International Studies, MA
International Studies, MA Program Overview Internships Industry in San Francisco Faculty Career Outcomes FAQs Financial
Aid & Scholarships Contact Us How to Apply Request Info Apply Now REQUEST APPLY VISIT Estimated Tuition The estimated
cost of the International Studies program is $1,660 per unit for the 2024-2025 academic year, with a minimum of 14
units required to be completed each academic year. Students typically take an average of 20 units in the first academic
year and 14 units in the second academic year. A total of 34 units are required for the degree. Program fees are
subject to adjustment annually, and the number of required units may vary based on enrollment status. Please contact
Aide Rodriguez (arodriguez38@usfca.edu) to discuss the specifics of the program. Financial Aid Cost of Attendance
Program Scholarships and Research Awards Program Scholarships are merit-based scholarships awarded to new students. All
applicants, U.S. and international, are considered for these scholarships at the time of admission consideration. They
are limited in number and vary in amount and cover part of tuition costs. Scholarship awards will be indicated in your
admission letter. Applications completed by February 1st give priority consideration for a program scholarship. The
Dean's Scholarship is a one year, $25,000 scholarship award toward tuition and fees for one student. In addition, the
program by the priority deadline to be considered. Decisions will be made based on the strength of the application
materials. The Paul D. Coverdell Fellows program is a graduate fellowship program that offers financial assistance to
returned Peace Corps Volunteers. Recipients receive financial support equal to a minimum of 25% of total tuition and
mandatory fees associated with the MAIS program. Students may use their Segal AmericCorps Education Award to take a
step toward their higher education goals. The MAIS program will provide a scholarship or a match for AmeriCorps alumni
with their education award. MAIS Travel Awards The Rue W. Ziegler MAIS Fellowship Fund has been established to help
provide travel funding to students conducting thesis and applied project research outside of the Bay Area or to support
conference participation. The William Goldman Scholarship Fund for Work in Diplomacy provides scholarship funding for
students engaged in study, research, or internships focused on the area of diplomacy: work centered on the foreign
service, global governance, international institutions, and diplomatic relations among states. Double Dons Scholarship
USF Alumni and current students can be awarded the USF Double Dons Scholarship upon admission. The scholarship covers
20% of the program tuition, and may not be stacked with other USF scholarship awards. Exceptions may apply. Double Dons
to six graduate research assistantships to qualified incoming students, who work directly with MAIS faculty members.
Additionally, once enrolled at USF, students are eligible to pursue assistantship opportunities campus-wide. Resident
individual candidates to apply for these positions, who must then undergo a rigorous interview process. Other
Opportunities Visit the Student Affairs Internship Program website. In addition, U.S. citizens or permanent residents
can also find USF job postings at the human resources website. Find non-USF opportunities at the Office of Graduate
Admission's Non-USF Financial Aid page. Site Footer 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow
us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external)
YouTube (link is external) Connect Graduate Admission Careers at USF Contact Us Directory News & Media Academics
Academic Calendar Bookstore Course Catalog Library Campus Campus Safety Maps & Directions Title IX Virtual Tour Apply
Francisco
Title: Scholarships Help Alumni to See the Joy | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/news/scholarships-help-alumni-see-joy 
 Scholarships Help Alumni to See the Joy | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term
Search: Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu
Link) Students Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots
Agents for Change Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San
Francisco's University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus
Downtown San Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President &
Leadership Board of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics
Learn to Create Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs
Dual Degree Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support
Undergraduate Research Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions
Advising Graduate & Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates
Executive Education The San Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of
Arts & Sciences School of Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries
Admission & Aid Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates &
Deadlines Meet Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources
International Graduate Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price
Calculator Types of Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty &
Student Research Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies
Center for Teaching Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for
Catholic Social Thought & the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good
Innovation Labs Star Route Farms Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City
The Campus Experience Arts & Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student
Activities Student Employment Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing
Dining on Campus Career Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events Giving Scholarships Help
Alumni to See the Joy by Mahelet Aklilu, Office of Development Communications February 14, 2024 University of San
that led you to become involved in philanthropy? Sheila: Growing up, we both went to Catholic schools and were
encouraged to give back in some way, so it was ingrained in us to help out others. In addition to my school, my parents
were always looking for organizations they could support so I grew up with that pattern from my parents. Mike: My dad
a bit of exposure to what it costs to support a school with events like bingo games, raffles, and selling chocolates.
When we first got married, we knew we wanted to give and even though we didn't have a lot of money, philanthropy was
still important to us, so we started off making small gifts to churches and hospices. How do you believe scholarships
not going to have as much debt to worry about. They're going to be able to concentrate a bit more on their education
and on being involved in the university, as opposed to working to keep up with costs. Sheila: When you know somebody
cares about you enough to put some money into your education, it makes you want to work harder to maintain grades but
also to show the people who gave you that money that it was well spent. Can you share a story/experience that motivated
you to contribute to education through scholarships? Mike: When I was a student at USF, I was given a scholarship by a
who were thoughtful about trying to help the next generation of students. Someone being that kind to me, along with my
experiences growing up made me want to pay it forward. What is the importance of philanthropy to you and how has it
shaped your values and beliefs? Mike: Having worked in philanthropy and fundraising you get to see the joy that people
you to give as well. We have friends and role models who care about our society and choose to make a difference through
community? Sheila: I hope our recipients can find their own path to success post-grad and hopefully, at some point,
what it means to be a good citizen and to contribute to society. I just hope the people whom we support go out and find
a way to help better our society, too. Learn more about how you can choose to make a difference through the gift of
San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external)
Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect
Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus
Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Visit Give to USF myUSF Consumer Information Privacy
Title: Scholarships & Aid - Teaching with Credential, MAT | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/education/programs/masters/teaching/scholarships-aid 
 Scholarships & Aid - Teaching with Credential, MAT | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a
Search Term Search: Visit usfca.edu Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving
Our Difference Our Vision Our People Leadership Our Faculty Locations Sacramento Santa Rosa South Bay East Bay School
News Our Programs Master's Programs Doctoral Programs Certificates Academic Support Research & Centers CalEPIC
Consortium Center for Humanizing Education and Research About Us Events Faculty College Access Programs Educational
Talent Search Resources McGrath Institute for Jesuit Catholic Education Scholarships USF Community Mental Health Clinic
School Life Community Engagement & Activism Graduate Housing Organizations & Activities Student Ambassadors Student
Events Student Services Admission & Aid Application Requirements Deadlines Events & Fairs CBEST & CSET Resources
Immunization Requirements Teaching Weekends DACA & Undocumented Students International Students Frequently Asked
Master's Programs Teaching with Credential Scholarships & Aid Teaching with Credential, MAT Teaching with Credential,
MAT Program Details Our Locations Bilingual Authorization Certification Teacher Apprentice Program Credentials
Internships Faculty Careers Scholarships & Aid SFUSD Discount How To Apply Request Info Apply Now REQUEST APPLY In
addition to general School of Education scholarships, teaching credential students may also be eligible for the
following program-specific funding opportunities. Catholic Educator Reduced Tuition Rate A 40% reduced tuition rate is
available to students who are Catholic school employees, teachers, or volunteers, or students who are connected to a
Catholic organization and who are applying to a USF teacher credential program. Continuing and newly admitted students
are welcome to apply. Eligibility, Deadlines, and Application The Golden State Teacher Grant Program (GSTG) GSTG is for
students who are currently enrolled in a teacher preparation program to earn a preliminary credential in a high need
field and commit to teach at a priority school, in California for four years, within five years after completing a
teacher preparation program. Apply to GSTG Marin Diverse Educator Scholarship The Marin Diverse Educator Scholarship
supports USF teaching credential candidates who intend to work as a teacher in Marin County public schools. The
scholarship recipient will receive $20,000 towards their first year of tuition at USF. Preference toward Marin Freedom
School Teachers and teachers with a background in Math or Science. Candidates pursuing other subject matter content
areas are welcome to apply. Newly admitted students are welcome to apply. Eligibility, Deadlines, and Application
Ricardo P. Molinari Endowment Scholarship The Ricardo P. Molinari Endowment Scholarship fund is for a single or
multiple subject USF teacher education student who is full-time, in good standing, and has demonstrated financial need.
Three awards of $2,750 each are available to continuing students (newly admitted students are not eligible).
Eligibility, Deadlines, and Application SFUSD Discount We will offer a reduced tuition rate for SFUSD employees who
meet eligibility requirements. Continuing and newly admitted students are welcome to apply. Eligibility, Deadlines, and
Application TEACH Grant The TEACH Grant provide up to $4,000 per year to graduate students who are completing
coursework needed to begin a career in teaching. Continuing and newly admitted students are welcome to apply.
Eligibility, Deadlines, and Application USF and Presidio Hill School Teacher Apprentice Program Students accepted to
the USF and Presidio Hill School Teacher Apprentice program complete a two-year teaching apprenticeship with a master
Apprentices work with their master teacher for the full school week and attend graduate courses at USF in the evening.
Apprentices receive a $25,000 per year stipend and ongoing classroom support. This program enrolls every other year and
is open only to newly admitted students. Eligibility, Deadlines, and Application State Resources and Federal Resources
The following programs are administered by various agencies in the State of California and around the United States.
Please consult each program's website for further information. Cal Grant Program If you are currently an undergraduate
student with a Cal Grant A or B and plan to enroll in a teacher credential program, you may be eligible to renew your
Cal Grant award for an additional year. The additional year of payment is provided to students who are seeking an
initial teaching credential and cannot be used for other graduate level courses of study. Learn More Perkins Loan
Forgiveness You qualify for cancellation (discharge) of up to 100 percent of a Federal Perkins Loan if: you have served
full-time in a public or nonprofit elementary or secondary school system as a teacher in a school serving students from
low-income families; or you are a special-education teacher, including teachers of infants, toddlers, children, or
youth with disabilities; or you are a teacher in the fields of mathematics, science, foreign languages, or bilingual
education, or in any other field of expertise determined by a state education agency to have a shortage of qualified
teachers in that state. Learn More Stafford Loan Forgiveness Program for Teachers The Teacher Loan Forgiveness program
is intended to encourage individuals to enter and continue in the teaching profession. Under this program, individuals
who teach full-time for five consecutive, complete academic years in certain elementary and secondary schools that
serve low-income families and meet other qualifications may be eligible for forgiveness of up to a combined total of
$17,500 in principal and interest on their Federal Family Education Loan and/or Direct Loan program loans. Learn More
Teach Grant The TEACH Grant provides up to $4,000 per year to graduate students who are completing course work needed
to begin a career in teaching. Learn More Site Footer 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555
Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is
external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Careers at USF Contact Us Directory News & Media Academics Academic
Calendar Bookstore Course Catalog Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Give to
Title: Scholarships & Tuition - Business Administration - Full Time, MBA | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/management/programs/graduate/mba/full-time/tuition-scholarships 
 Scholarships & Tuition - Business Administration - Full Time, MBA | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu
Search Enter a Search Term Search: Visit usfca.edu Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics
Alumni Giving Our Difference Mission & Vision Our Leadership Our Faculty Accreditation Locations School News From the
Dean's Desk Our Programs Undergraduate Programs Accounting, BSBA Business Analytics Entrepreneurship & Innovation, BSBA
Finance Hospitality Management International Business Management Management, BAM Degree Continuation Marketing Graduate
Programs Entrepreneurship and Innovation, MS Information Systems, MS Marketing Intelligence, MS MBA Programs
Organization Development, MS Executive Education Business Analytics Certified Customer Success Manager Courses
Corporate Innovation Custom Programs Silicon Valley Immersion Engagement & Impact Gellert Family Business Center Malloy
Group for Organizational Science Consulting School Life Undergraduate Life Graduate Life Graduate Career Services The
Office of Student Success and Engagement USF Bloomberg Lab Graduate Admission & Aid How To Apply International
Applicants Transfer Applicants Deadlines Financial Aid MBA Referral Scholarship Events FAQ Business Administration -
MBA Scholarships & Tuition Tuition estimates are based on the number of units required by each program and may vary
according to the number of classes in which a student is enrolled. The Academic year includes fall, intersession, and
spring. All tuition rates are subject to change. Business Administration - Full-Time, MBA Business Administration -
Full-Time, MBA Program Overview Career Accelerator Platforms Faculty Experiential Learning Student Experience Career
Outcomes Scholarships & Tuition REQUEST INFO APPLY NOW REQUEST APPLY VISIT Merit Scholarships Merit scholarships are
awarded to students who have demonstrated superior academic and/or professional achievements, and outstanding talent or
commitment to extracurricular activities, community service, leadership, entrepreneurship. Merit Scholars should also
fully embody the USF mission to change the world for the better. The University of San Francisco School of Management
greatly values diversity and offers merit scholarships to applicants from regions and countries around the globe that
embrace regular interaction with different cultures and societies. View full list of merit scholarships MBA Referral
Scholarship As a member of our community you are invited to refer potential candidates to our EMBA and MBA Programs.
Those who get referred will not only benefit from the high-quality education and networking opportunities, they will
also benefit with a reduced cost of attendance. There is no limit to the number of referrals that can be made. Make a
Referral School of Management MBA Scholarships The USF School of Management offers a number of partial-tuition
scholarships to its MBA applicants. Please complete the scholarship statement portion of the application and address
your unique qualifications for these awards. Please contact us for more information. Albert & Sophie Yu Scholarship
Established by generous donation from Sophie and Albert Yu. Mr. Yu is the former publisher of the China Times, the
fourth largest newspaper in Taiwan. Mr. Yu was a founding member of the McLaren International Executive Advisory Board.
The Albert & Sophie Yu Scholarship is awarded to an MBA student with an interest in Asian studies, particularly in
socioeconomic issues. Bernard Martin Scholarship Established in 1986 by generous donation of friends and colleagues of
Dean Bernard Martin upon his retirement. Bernard Martin was Dean of the USF McLaren College of Business from 1978 to
1986. Dr. Martin received his Master of Arts in History in 1950 and his MBA in 1955 from Xavier University in
Cincinnati, Ohio and his PhD from the University of Cincinnati in 1963 and a PhD honoris causa from Canisius College in
Buffalo, NY in 1978. Please address your interest in receiving your graduate business degree from a Jesuit institution
in the scholarship essay portion of the online application. Cassou-Shan Endowed Scholarship Established by generous
donation from Mr. and Mrs. Cassou and Dr. and Mrs. Shan, an annual Cassou-Shan Endowed Scholarship is awarded to an MBA
student who has demonstrated unique promise, exceptional intelligence, and outstanding personal discipline. Laura D.
Sypin Memorial Scholarship The Laura D. Sypin Memorial Scholarship is awarded to a female MBA student who is currently
employed or who wishes to re-enter the workplace by earning an MBA degree. The USF School of Management is an advocate
for women in business, please describe how an MBA will impact not just you but other women looking to enhance their
careers. Litvak Social Innovation Scholarship Honoring the lifetime work of Lawrence Litvak, a leader in the managing,
financing and governing of organizations pursuing social change, the Litvak Social Innovation Scholarship is awarded to
Full-Time MBA student(s) of underrepresented backgrounds - African American, Hispanic and Latino, interested in social
innovation. Recipients are engaged in building businesses and organizations in the social innovation and
entrepreneurship space, and are required to participate in an Innovation Project in the MBA program. Please be sure to
address your background and leadership trajectory in line with social entrepreneurship and innovation in the
scholarship essay portion of the online application. MBA Alumni Scholarship The MBA Alumni Scholarship is awarded to
outstanding female MBA student(s) from California. National Society of Hispanic MBAs (NSHMBA) Scholarship The NSHMBA
Scholarship is awarded to a Full-Time MBA student who is of Hispanic heritage or has a demonstrated commitment to the
Hispanic community. Richard Puntillo First Generation Scholarship Established by generous donation from Richard D.
Puntillo, Professor Emeritus, an expert witness in numerous litigation matters involving initial public offerings
(IPOs), mergers and acquisitions (M&A) transactions, venture capital, and private equity deals. Professor Puntillo used
his personal experiences when teaching corporate financial decision making, giving his students the opportunity and
financial tools to become more successful, responsible business professionals. The Richard Puntillo First Generation
Scholarship is awarded to an MBA student who is in the first generation of his or her family to attend college, with
priority given to students who completed their undergraduate business education at USF. Robert J. Smith Memorial
Rehabilitation Scholarship The Robert J. Smith Memorial Rehabilitation Scholarship is awarded to an MBA student.
Originally dedicated to those pursuing rehabilitation careers, this scholarship is now available to MBA students driven
to change the world through the betterment of self and their community. Women's Advancement Scholarship The Women's
Advancement Scholarship is based on both merit and financial need, with a preference given to women pursuing careers in
management and leadership who will help to shape a more just and humane world without gender bias. Graduate Admission &
Aid We are committed to providing you with excellent educational opportunities and assisting your in meeting the cost
of a private education. Financial Aid Tuition Site Footer 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-6771
Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is
external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Careers at USF Contact Us Directory News & Media Academics Academic
Calendar Bookstore Course Catalog Library Campus Campus Safety Maps & Directions Title IX Virtual Tour Apply Give to
Title: Scholarships & Aid - Urban Education & Social Justice with Credential, MAT | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/education/programs/masters/teaching-urban-education-social-justice/scholarships-aid 
 Scholarships & Aid - Urban Education & Social Justice with Credential, MAT | University of San Francisco Skip to
Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Visit usfca.edu Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate
Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Our Difference Our Vision Our People Leadership Our Faculty Locations Sacramento Santa
Rosa South Bay East Bay School News Our Programs Master's Programs Doctoral Programs Certificates Academic Support
Research & Centers CalEPIC Consortium Center for Humanizing Education and Research About Us Events Faculty College
Access Programs Educational Talent Search Resources McGrath Institute for Jesuit Catholic Education Scholarships USF
Community Mental Health Clinic School Life Community Engagement & Activism Graduate Housing Organizations & Activities
Student Ambassadors Student Events Student Services Admission & Aid Application Requirements Deadlines Events & Fairs
CBEST & CSET Resources Immunization Requirements Teaching Weekends DACA & Undocumented Students International Students
Frequently Asked Questions Financial Resources Urban Education & Social Justice with Credential, MAT Scholarships & Aid
Home School of Education Master's Programs Urban Education & Social Justice with Credential, MAT Urban Education &
Social Justice with Credential, MAT Urban Education & Social Justice with Credential, MAT Program Details Bilingual
Authorization Certification Credentials Internships Faculty Careers Scholarships & Aid SFUSD Discount How To Apply
Request Info Apply Now REQUEST APPLY VISIT In addition to general School of Education scholarships, teaching credential
students may also be eligible for the following program-specific funding opportunities. Catholic Educator Reduced
Tuition Rate A 40% reduced tuition rate is available to students who are Catholic school employees, teachers, or
volunteers, or students who are connected to a Catholic organization and who are applying to a USF teacher credential
program. Continuing and newly admitted students are welcome to apply. Eligibility, Deadlines, and Application The
Golden State Teacher Grant Program (GSTG) GSTG is for students who are currently enrolled in a teacher preparation
program to earn a preliminary credential in a high need field and commit to teach at a priority school, in California
for four years, within five years after completing a teacher preparation program. Apply to GSTG Marin Diverse Educator
Scholarship The Marin Diverse Educator Scholarship supports USF teaching credential candidates who intend to work as a
teacher in Marin County public schools. The scholarship recipient will receive $20,000 towards their first year of
tuition at USF. Preference toward Marin Freedom School Teachers and teachers with a background in Math or Science.
Candidates pursuing other subject matter content areas are welcome to apply. Newly admitted students are welcome to
apply. Eligibility, Deadlines, and Application Ricardo P. Molinari Endowment Scholarship The Ricardo P. Molinari
Endowment Scholarship fund is for a single or multiple subject USF teacher education student who is full-time, in good
standing, and has demonstrated financial need. Three awards of $2,750 each are available to continuing students (newly
admitted students are not eligible). Eligibility, Deadlines, and Application SFUSD Discount We will offer a reduced
Francisco (Hilltop) campus. Students must meet eligibility requirements. Continuing and newly admitted students are
welcome to apply. Eligibility, Deadlines, and Application TEACH Grant The TEACH Grant provide up to $4,000 per year to
graduate students who are completing coursework needed to begin a career in teaching. Continuing and newly admitted
students are welcome to apply. Eligibility, Deadlines, and Application State Resources and Federal Resources The
following programs are administered by various agencies in the State of California and around the United States. Please
consult each program's website for further information. Cal Grant Program If you are currently an undergraduate student
with a Cal Grant A or B and plan to enroll in a teacher credential program, you may be eligible to renew your Cal Grant
award for an additional year. The additional year of payment is provided to students who are seeking an initial
teaching credential and cannot be used for other graduate level courses of study. Learn More Perkins Loan Forgiveness
You qualify for cancellation (discharge) of up to 100 percent of a Federal Perkins Loan if: you have served full-time
in a public or nonprofit elementary or secondary school system as a teacher in a school serving students from
low-income families; or you are a special-education teacher, including teachers of infants, toddlers, children, or
youth with disabilities; or you are a teacher in the fields of mathematics, science, foreign languages, or bilingual
education, or in any other field of expertise determined by a state education agency to have a shortage of qualified
teachers in that state. Learn More Stafford Loan Forgiveness Program for Teachers The Teacher Loan Forgiveness program
is intended to encourage individuals to enter and continue in the teaching profession. Under this program, individuals
who teach full-time for five consecutive, complete academic years in certain elementary and secondary schools that
serve low-income families and meet other qualifications may be eligible for forgiveness of up to a combined total of
$17,500 in principal and interest on their Federal Family Education Loan and/or Direct Loan program loans. Learn More
Teach Grant The TEACH Grant provides up to $4,000 per year to graduate students who are completing course work needed
to begin a career in teaching. Learn More Site Footer 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555
Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is
external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Careers at USF Contact Us Directory News & Media Academics Academic
Calendar Bookstore Course Catalog Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Give to
Title: Scholarships - Army ROTC | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/life-at-usf/campus-experience/student-activities/rotc/scholarships 
 Scholarships - Army ROTC | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply
(Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students
Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change
Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's
University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San
Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board
of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create
Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree
Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research
Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate &
Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San
Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of
Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid
Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet
Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate
Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of
Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research
Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching
Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought
& the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms
Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts &
Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment
Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career
active duty, National Guard Reserve. Army ROTC The Program Scholarships Eligibility and Enrollment Staff & Faculty
Frequently Asked Questions Army ROTC offers four, three and two-year scholarships. Currently, these scholarships pay
full tuition costs as well as a flat rate of $1,200 annually for textbooks and supplies. Each scholarship includes a
stipend of $420 per month for 10 months per year, during each year that the scholarship is in effect. Additionally, USF
currently provides room and board grants for ROTC scholarship cadets earning their degrees at USF. The room and board
grant is set at a cap of $12,000 annually for all cross-town schools: San Francisco State University, Sonoma State
University, Dominican University, and Academy of Art University. Students of these schools can choose to have full
tuition & fees coverage or $12,000 annually for room and board in cash. For students at the University of San
Francisco, a unique room and board coverage for contracted cadets is offered at approximately $8,275 per semester.
Students will also receive ROTC scholarships that cover up to four years of full tuition & fees. More scholarship
information on myUSF Guaranteed Reserve Forces Duty (GRFD) Scholarship The GRFD Scholarship is designed for veterans
who have prior military service or students who would like to commission into either the Army National Guard or Army
Reserve. Campus-Based Scholarship The Army ROTC Campus-Based Program provides financial assistance for the education
and training of highly qualified and motivated young men and women who desire to be commissioned as officers in the
Army after graduation from college. National Scholarship ROTC offers 4-year national scholarships for high school
seniors to cover the tuition cost of college expenses in return for their participation in military training while in
college and service after they graduate. How to Apply To apply for campus-based two-to-four year scholarships, students
must be planning or currently enrolled in ROTC as a full-time student at USF, San Francisco State University, Sonoma
State University, Dominican University of California, or the Academy of Art University in addition to other eligibility
criteria. High school students considering Army ROTC officer training during college should contact the USF ROTC
Admissions Office directly at (415) 422-2562 for information and instructions about joining the USF ROTC program,
preferably during the junior or senior year in high school. Active duty enlisted soldiers interested in becoming an
interested in serving in the Guard or Reserve while attending college, should request more information about the
Simultaneous Membership Program (SMP). The program allows you to earn Reserve/Guard pay and benefits in addition to
your Army ROTC allowances. Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA
94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external)
Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media
Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title
of San Francisco
Title: Peter Read Scholarship Continues the Impact for Local Dons | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/news/peter-read-scholarship 
 Peter Read Scholarship Continues the Impact for Local Dons | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search
Enter a Search Term Search: Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for
(Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values
Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond
Carbon Neutral San Francisco's University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San
Francisco Main Campus Downtown San Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage
Rates President & Leadership Board of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office
USF News Academics Learn to Create Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors
Graduate Programs Dual Degree Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic
Support Undergraduate Research Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health
Professions Advising Graduate & Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional
Certificates Executive Education The San Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges
College of Arts & Sciences School of Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health
Professions Libraries Admission & Aid Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International
Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions
Student Resources International Graduate Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of
Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty &
Research Faculty & Student Research Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia
Pacific Studies Center for Teaching Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane
Center for Catholic Social Thought & the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common
Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the
City The Campus Experience Arts & Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student
Activities Student Employment Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing
Dining on Campus Career Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events Giving Peter Read Scholarship
Continues the Impact for Local Dons by Ben Kennedy, Office of Development Communications October 14, 2021 Miles
lunch honored the beneficiaries of a gift by Peter Read, former CEO of Grocery Outlet and Bay Area philanthropist. For
four years, Peter provided $25,000 per year in scholarship funds to 10 students from underrepresented communities in
the Bay Area. In conversation with Miles and his parents, Peter got to know their strong bond and commitment to one
transformative impact, the Read Foundation has given an additional $1 million over the next four years to strengthen
its commitment to students at USF. Transforming Lives Just as Miles and the previous cohort did, the new class of 10
Read Scholars will each receive help navigating university life and coursework, along with a robust series of guest
speakers and enrichment programs. Students will be selected from local high schools based on demonstrated academic
merit and financial need. What sets this scholarship apart from others, however, is the extra effort that Peter
from finding out what they might like to do with their career, through help finding summer jobs and internships, on
into graduate school, and the job search. Using his extensive network of connections in business and beyond, Peter
invited luminaries in a variety of fields to speak with students and show them a unique path forward. Image Peter Read
have gone on to success. For Miles, connections built on his continuing relationship with Peter helped him land in his
students, he says, donors can gain new perspective on how their own student years helped shape their outcomes. Peter
came to The Hilltop after journeying around the world for his education. He attended high school both in the U.S. and
Switzerland, experiences which he credits for a broad perspective. He broke his leg while on a ski scholarship at the
philanthropy has touched numerous other institutions and animal welfare causes around the Bay Area. He funds an
scholarships for USF students. Related News Giving A New Horizon for the Health & Life Sciences Giving Synergy in
Science: Diez Cancer Biology Lab Integrates Student Research Giving First Generation, Boundless Ambitions: Alyssa
Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link
is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us
Directory Careers at USF News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps &
Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Visit Give to USF myUSF Consumer Information Privacy Statement Web
Title: DACA & Undocumented Students - School of Education | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/education/admission-aid/how-to-apply/daca-undocumented-students 
 DACA & Undocumented Students - School of Education | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a
Search Term Search: Visit usfca.edu Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving
Our Difference Our Vision Our People Leadership Our Faculty Locations Sacramento Santa Rosa South Bay East Bay School
News Our Programs Master's Programs Doctoral Programs Certificates Academic Support Research & Centers CalEPIC
Consortium Center for Humanizing Education and Research About Us Events Faculty College Access Programs Educational
Talent Search Resources McGrath Institute for Jesuit Catholic Education Scholarships USF Community Mental Health Clinic
School Life Community Engagement & Activism Graduate Housing Organizations & Activities Student Ambassadors Student
Events Student Services Admission & Aid Application Requirements Deadlines Events & Fairs CBEST & CSET Resources
Immunization Requirements Teaching Weekends DACA & Undocumented Students International Students Frequently Asked
Application Requirements DACA & Undocumented Students On This page Statement from the Dean Application & Admissions
Financial Aid & Scholarships Undocumented Allies Non-Profit & Legal Resources Legal Support & Services Undocumented
Student Definitions The School of Education considers applications for graduate programs, regardless of citizenship
status, based upon academic merit and achievement. We are morally committed to supporting all of students regardless of
the identities they hold. Statement from the Dean Today is a good day for us to remember our individual and collective
legacies of constructive resilience in the face of destructive forces. The Trump administration's decision to end
possibilities for education and employment, on the basis of distinctions stemming from racist and xenophobic
ideologies, violates fundamental human rights. We believe in upholding the dignity and full capacity of every human
being. We believe no human being is illegal, and we stand in solidarity with our DACAmented and undocumented students
Educators 4 Fair Consideration website for the latest news To support undocumented students please consider donating to
the SOE's Undocumented Student Scholarship Fund. Association of Jesuit Colleges and Universities Statement: USF has
joined with the Association of Jesuit Colleges and Universities to express their unwavering support for Undocumented
students. Read full Statement of AJCU President Application & Admissions The University of San Francisco considers
applications for graduate programs, regardless of citizenship status, based upon academic merit and achievement. Your
application will be handled with the utmost confidentiality and care. Please contact Nicole Cuadro, the Admissions &
Outreach Director, for guidance with your application. Financial Aid & Scholarships Undocumented students do not have
legal U.S. immigration status, which prevents them from receiving state (Cal Grant) and federal (FAFSA) financial aid.
However, there are several places that offer financial assistance and support to undocumented students. The list below
consists of some external resources and scholarships available to undocumented students. College Success Foundation
Dreamer's Road Map E4FC Fastweb Scholarship Search FinAid Directory Hispanic Education Endowment Fund Hispanic
Scholarship Fund MALDEF Scholarship Salef Scholarship Scholarship A-Z Scholarship Search The Anhelo Project Telacu U.S.
Hispanic Leadership Institute WACAC Scholarship Guide Western Union Foundation Family Scholarship Program USF Magis
questions about the application, please contact the School of Education, schoolofeducation@usfca.edu. Undocumented
Allies The University of San Francisco's faculty and administrators are committed to helping undocumented students
navigate the university. Whether a current or prospective student, these individuals are a great resource, for
questions & support. All inquiries will be handled not only with the utmost care & confidentiality, but genuine
compassion. School of Education Admissions Nicole Cuadro Admissions & Outreach Director Email: ncuadro@usfca.edu
Education and Student Affairs Student Group Adviser Email: gnegrongonzales@usfca.eduChicanx/Latinx & Indigenous Studies
Karina Hodoyan Associate Professor Email: kahodoyan@usfca.edu Telephone: (415) 422-5964University Ministry Luis Bazan
Associate Director Email: lebazan@usfca.edu Telephone: (415) 422-2708 For General Questions please contact the Office
of Diversity Engagement and Community Outreach at diversity@usfca.edu or call (415) 422-282. Non-Profit & Legal
Resources Undocumented Students seeking additional support & resources may explore any of the following Non-Profit &
Advocacy Groups for more information. Resources for DACA Dream Act Information Dream Act FAQ External Non-Profit
Advocates California Dream Network United We Dream Carcen Choose Your Future Asian Americans Advancing Justice
UndocuBlack Aspire for Justice ACLU Immigration Direct The National Immigration Youth Alliance 21 Progress Latinos
Progresando American Immigration Council Immigration Pact Immigrant Youth Justice Alliance United African Organization
Health San Francisco Legal Support & Services The University of San Francisco does not provide Legal
Support/Counseling, but Undocumented students may seek out the following legal advocacy groups for support &
information. MALDEF Salef AILA National Immigration Law Center Immigration Legal Resource Center Immigrant Justice
Undocumented Student Definitions The School of Education is dedicated to promoting awareness & understanding of the
issues, values and concerns surrounding Undocumented Students. Directly borrowed from the Office of Diversity &
Community Engagement the following terminology is often used in discussions surrounding Undocumented Students. Cultural
benefit from the DREAM Act. DREAMer is commonly used by students who connect with the DREAM Act movement and as a way
to navigate away from the negative connotations given to terms such as undocumented, immigrant, and non-U.S. citizen.
such as tuition and fees, room and board, books and supplies, and transportation. Learn more about financial aid for
people of color regardless of migratory status. The word is shorthand for "illegal alien," "illegal immigrant" and
other harmful terms. The Applied Research Center (ARC) and Colorlines.com, have presented the Drop The L-Word campaign
currently holds a visa of any type or is seeking a visa. Undocumented students are not considered international
applicants because many do not qualify for a visa and, therefore, do not have to go through the international admission
permanent residency or citizenship through a visa or green card. These individuals obtain a social security number
information because it may affect the way a student fills out their Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA).
individuals who possess a birth certificate or identification card but are residing in the U.S. without legal
a visa, or have not applied for legal residency. In many, cases the term non-citizen refers to undocumented students.
These students are eligible to be admitted to USF. Undocumented students are not eligible for federal financial aid.
Site Footer 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram
(link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Careers at
USF Contact Us Directory News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Bookstore Course Catalog Library Campus Maps &
Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Give to USF Visit myUSF Consumer Information Privacy Statement Web
Title: Scholarships & Aid - Human Rights Education, MA | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/education/programs/masters/human-rights-education/scholarships-aid 
 Scholarships & Aid - Human Rights Education, MA | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a
Search Term Search: Visit usfca.edu Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving
Our Difference Our Vision Our People Leadership Our Faculty Locations Sacramento Santa Rosa South Bay East Bay School
News Our Programs Master's Programs Doctoral Programs Certificates Academic Support Research & Centers CalEPIC
Consortium Center for Humanizing Education and Research About Us Events Faculty College Access Programs Educational
Talent Search Resources McGrath Institute for Jesuit Catholic Education Scholarships USF Community Mental Health Clinic
School Life Community Engagement & Activism Graduate Housing Organizations & Activities Student Ambassadors Student
Events Student Services Admission & Aid Application Requirements Deadlines Events & Fairs CBEST & CSET Resources
Immunization Requirements Teaching Weekends DACA & Undocumented Students International Students Frequently Asked
Questions Financial Resources Human Rights Education, MA Scholarships & Aid Home School of Education Master's Programs
Human Rights Education, MA Federal financial aid, state, and university resources are available as funding to newly
admitted and current USF School of Education students. Human Rights Education, MA Human Rights Education, MA Program
Overview Faculty Student Experience Careers Scholarships & Aid How To Apply Request Info Apply Now REQUEST APPLY VISIT
In order to offset the cost of graduate education tuition, many School of Education courses are offered in the late
afternoon and evening, and/or on alternating weekends. Most students find they can maintain a full-time job while
spend time in a classroom (e.g. student teaching) or to complete a fieldwork or traineeship experience, such
commitments will interfere with a normal workday. Please consult your intended program of study for more information.
Tuition Rates USF Resources The following scholarships are available to all USF School of Education master's or
doctoral students. Applicants must meet the eligibility requirements outlined in the scholarship description. Admission
Scholarships Accepted students may receive scholarships to cover three to six credits of tuition* in the first year of
application. Scholarship recipients will be notified at the time of admission. * Scholarship funds include endowments
from the SOE general scholarship, Oricello, Winberry, Oaks and Yellow Ribbon. Social Justice Scholarship This
scholarship program recognizes and encourages USF School of Education students who are and/or seek to be transformative
change agents in their schools, professions and communities. This scholarship is awarded to any School of Education
graduate student who demonstrates outstanding dedication and vision for equitable conditions in schools and
communities, domestically and internationally. Selected students can receive up to three credits of tuition.*
Eligibility The Social Justice Scholarship is open to applicants enrolled in programs at the Hilltop Campus, at USF's
additional locations, and online. Past recipients of the scholarship are eligible to apply again for future
scholarships, but preference will be given to students that have not yet received the scholarship (and meet the
criteria). Newly admitted students are not eligible for this scholarship. Criteria Student must demonstrate: previous
and/or current experience in community service and engagement commitment to developing partnerships with marginalized
youth, schools and/or communities personal and professional background related to issues of marginalization and social
essay must be received by the following dates to be considered for the corresponding semester Intersession and Spring:
November 30 Summer: March 30 Fall: April 30th * Scholarship funds include endowments from the SOE general scholarship
fund. Graduate Assistantships The School of Education awards a number of Graduate Assistantships each academic year,
allowing students to work with a Faculty Mentor in the areas of research, teaching or professional development.
Selected students will be paid an hourly rate for up to 200 hours per fiscal year (hours must be utilized by May 20).*
Criteria School of Education full-time faculty members will select students with whom they will work and supervise on
the approved project or assignment. Students must be admitted to and enrolled in a graduate program in the School of
Education. The proposed project must have a strong mentorship component, so that students are able to strengthen their
research, teaching or professional skills. Application Process School of Education full-time faculty member select
student(s) with whom they will work Faculty Mentor completes online Faculty Application Student completes online
considered for the corresponding semester Intersession and Spring: November 30 Summer: March 30 Fall: April 30 *
Scholarship funds include endowments from the SOE general scholarship fund. The Conference Presentation Stipend All
currently enrolled master's and doctoral School of Education students are eligible to apply for the Conference
Presentation Stipend to assist in conference expenses. Applications will be reviewed by the applicant's department
chairperson and faculty members. Eligibility Applicants must have been officially accepted to present (e.g. individual
related to their field(s) of study. Special Status students are not eligible to apply. Conditions The Conference
Presentation Stipend: can only be used to cover conference-related costs such as travel/transportation, registration,
accommodations and/or printing/duplicating costs is granted as a reimbursement after all receipts of covered expenses
have been submitted (original receipts must be submitted to the SOE Dean's Office immediately after the conference) can
fund a student for only one conference per term, determined as per the date of the conference (Term 1: January-July /
Term 2: August - December) Amount The Conference Presentation Stipend cannot exceed $200 per term. Application
Interested students should apply as soon as they receive their conference acceptance letter. To apply, fill out the
Conference Presentation Stipend form, available in the SOE Dean's Office and from department Program Assistants.
Contact your Department Program Assistant for more information. Fellowship for African Students The Fellowship for
African Students will provide up to $7,500 for a Kenyan student in any SOE program. Eligible students should contact
the SOE Dean's Office to request an application. Priority consideration will be given to students admitted from Kenya.
If there are no students admitted from Kenya, students from other countries within Africa are eligible to apply. School
of Education Undocumented Student Scholarship The School of Education is pleased to offer financial support to incoming
and current undocumented and DACAmented students enrolled in any School of Education program (Hilltop or regional
campuses). In recognition of the social change efforts that many of our undocumented students are engaged in, the
scholarship responds to the social, cultural and political stressors undocumented and DACAmented students face. Awards
will be given in the amount of up to $5,000 dollars. Application Process Interested applicants must complete the online
application for the School of Education Scholarship for Undocumented Students. Applications will be reviewed on a
continuous basis. Our committee seeks to make decisions within four weeks after application is submitted. Your
application will be reviewed by a group of School of Education faculty and staff dedicated to supporting undocumented
and DACAmented students. Your application will be handled with the utmost care and confidentiality. If you have any
questions about the application, please contact Amy Fogliani, Director, Admission, Communication, and Outreach, at
afogliani@usfca.edu. Eligibility Requirements Undocumented or DACAmented student Incoming or current student in any
School of Education program (Hilltop or regional campuses) Candidates with financial need will be prioritized, but all
will be considered Priority will be given to applicants who are actively engaged in education advocacy, immigrant
rights, or other work related to supporting undocumented students More info for DACA Applicants Site Footer 2130 Fulton
Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external)
LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Careers at USF Contact Us
Directory News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Bookstore Course Catalog Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual
Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Give to USF Visit myUSF Consumer Information Privacy Statement Web Accessibility
Title: Scholarships - Marketing Intelligence, MS | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/management/programs/graduate/marketing-intelligence/scholarships 
 Scholarships - Marketing Intelligence, MS | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search
Term Search: Visit usfca.edu Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Our
Difference Mission & Vision Our Leadership Our Faculty Accreditation Locations School News From the Dean's Desk Our
Programs Undergraduate Programs Accounting, BSBA Business Analytics Entrepreneurship & Innovation, BSBA Finance
Hospitality Management International Business Management Management, BAM Degree Continuation Marketing Graduate
Programs Entrepreneurship and Innovation, MS Information Systems, MS Marketing Intelligence, MS MBA Programs
Organization Development, MS Executive Education Business Analytics Certified Customer Success Manager Courses
Corporate Innovation Custom Programs Silicon Valley Immersion Engagement & Impact Gellert Family Business Center Malloy
Group for Organizational Science Consulting School Life Undergraduate Life Graduate Life Graduate Career Services The
Office of Student Success and Engagement USF Bloomberg Lab Graduate Admission & Aid How To Apply International
Applicants Transfer Applicants Deadlines Financial Aid MBA Referral Scholarship Events FAQ Marketing Intelligence, MS
Intelligence, MS Marketing Intelligence, MS Program Overview Faculty Advisory Board Experiential Learning Career
Outcomes Masters in Marketing Honorees Scholarships Request Info Apply Now REQUEST APPLY We offer a number of
partial-tuition scholarships. Please complete the scholarship statement portion of your application and address your
unique qualifications for these awards. Please contact us at management@usfca.edu for more information. Merit
Scholarships Merit scholarships are awarded to students who have demonstrated superior academic and/or professional
achievements, and outstanding talent or commitment to extracurricular activities, community service, leadership,
entrepreneurship. Merit Scholars should also fully embody the USF mission to change the world for the better. The
University of San Francisco School of Management greatly values diversity and offers merit scholarships to applicants
from regions and countries around the globe that embrace regular interaction with different cultures and societies.
View full list of merit scholarships Graduate Admission & Aid We are committed to providing you with excellent
educational opportunities and assisting your in meeting the cost of a private education. Financial Aid Tuition Site
Footer 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-6771 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram
(link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Careers at
USF Contact Us Directory News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Bookstore Course Catalog Library Campus Campus Safety
Maps & Directions Title IX Virtual Tour Apply Give to USF Visit myUSF Consumer Information Privacy Statement Web
Title: Financing Your Education - Energy Systems Management, MS | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/arts-sciences/programs/graduate/energy-systems-management/financial-aid 
 Financing Your Education - Energy Systems Management, MS | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search
Enter a Search Term Search: Visit usfca.edu Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni
Giving Our Difference Mission & Vision Our Leadership Our Faculty School News Our Programs Undergraduate Programs
Graduate Programs Professional Certificates Research & Creative Achievement Centers & Institutes Undergraduate Teacher
Education Center Autonomous Vehicles & the City Initiative Facilities & Labs Innovation Hive Writing for a Real World
School Life Undergraduate Experience Graduate Experience Events Critical Diversity Studies Forum Global Feminist Forum
Human Rights Film Festival Davies Forum Graduate Admission How to Apply International Students Financial Aid Dean's
Scholarship Tests & Scores Program Contacts Info Sessions & Events Connect with a Current Student Energy Systems
Systems Management, MS Financing Your Education Energy Systems Management, MS Energy Systems Management, MS Program
Overview Faculty Advisory Board Careers Financing Your Education Contact Us How To Apply REQUEST INFO APPLY NOW INFO
SESSIONS REQUEST APPLY INFO SESSIONS Estimated Tuition The estimated cost of the Energy Systems Management program is
$1,660 per unit for the 2024-2025 academic year, with a minimum of 17 units required to be completed each academic
year. Students typically take an average of 17 units in the first academic year and 17 units in the second academic
year. A total of 34 units are required for the degree. Program fees are subject to adjustment annually, and the number
of required units may vary based on enrollment status. Please contact Fred Wellington to discuss the specifics of the
program. Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Scholarships Our program offers a limited number of scholarships to new
students. These program scholarships are merit-based, vary in amount, and cover part of tuition costs. All applicants,
both U.S. and international students, are considered for these scholarships during the admission decision process; a
separate application is not required. If a scholarship is awarded, it will be indicated in the admission letter. The
Additional benefits include the Dean's Scholar kickoff and reception, connection with other Dean's Scholars and with
leaders across the college, and the chance to serve as program representatives to USF donors and Development
initiatives. To be considered for the $15,000 Dean's Scholarship towards their first year of tuition, students must
apply by the program's priority deadline. Double Dons Scholarship USF Alumni and current students can be awarded the
USF Double Dons Scholarship upon admission. The scholarship covers 20% of the program tuition, and may not be stacked
with other USF scholarship awards. Exceptions may apply. Double Dons on MyUSF Site Footer 2130 Fulton Street San
Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link
is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Graduate Admission Careers at USF Contact Us
Directory News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Bookstore Course Catalog Library Campus Campus Safety Maps &
Directions Title IX Virtual Tour Apply Give to USF Visit myUSF Consumer Information Privacy Statement Web Accessibility
Title: Scholarships & Aid - International & Multicultural Education, MA | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/education/programs/masters/international-multicultural-education/scholarships-aid 
 Scholarships & Aid - International & Multicultural Education, MA | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu
Search Enter a Search Term Search: Visit usfca.edu Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics
Alumni Giving Our Difference Our Vision Our People Leadership Our Faculty Locations Sacramento Santa Rosa South Bay
East Bay School News Our Programs Master's Programs Doctoral Programs Certificates Academic Support Research & Centers
CalEPIC Consortium Center for Humanizing Education and Research About Us Events Faculty College Access Programs
Educational Talent Search Resources McGrath Institute for Jesuit Catholic Education Scholarships USF Community Mental
Health Clinic School Life Community Engagement & Activism Graduate Housing Organizations & Activities Student
Ambassadors Student Events Student Services Admission & Aid Application Requirements Deadlines Events & Fairs CBEST &
CSET Resources Immunization Requirements Teaching Weekends DACA & Undocumented Students International Students
School of Education Our Programs Master's Programs International & Multicultural Education, MA Scholarships & Aid
Federal financial aid, state, and university resources are available as funding to newly admitted and current USF
School of Education students. International & Multicultural Education, MA International & Multicultural Education, MA
Program Overview Faculty Student Experience Careers Scholarships & Aid How To Apply Request Info Apply Now REQUEST
APPLY VISIT In order to offset the cost of graduate education tuition, many School of Education courses are offered in
the late afternoon and evening, and/or on alternating weekends. Most students find they can maintain a full-time job
you to spend time in a classroom (e.g. student teaching) or to complete a fieldwork or traineeship experience, such
commitments will interfere with a normal workday. Please consult your intended program of study for more information.
Tuition Rates USF Resources The following scholarships are available to all USF School of Education master's or
doctoral students. Applicants must meet the eligibility requirements outlined in the scholarship description. Admission
Scholarships Accepted students may receive scholarships to cover three to six credits of tuition* in the first year of
application. Scholarship recipients will be notified at the time of admission. * Scholarship funds include endowments
from the SOE general scholarship, Oricello, Winberry, Oaks and Yellow Ribbon. Social Justice Scholarship This
scholarship program recognizes and encourages USF School of Education students who are and/or seek to be transformative
change agents in their schools, professions and communities. This scholarship is awarded to any School of Education
graduate student who demonstrates outstanding dedication and vision for equitable conditions in schools and
communities, domestically and internationally. Selected students can receive up to three credits of tuition.*
Eligibility The Social Justice Scholarship is open to applicants enrolled in programs at the Hilltop Campus, at USF's
additional locations, and online. Past recipients of the scholarship are eligible to apply again for future
scholarships, but preference will be given to students that have not yet received the scholarship (and meet the
criteria). Newly admitted students are not eligible for this scholarship. Criteria Student must demonstrate: previous
and/or current experience in community service and engagement commitment to developing partnerships with marginalized
youth, schools and/or communities personal and professional background related to issues of marginalization and social
essay must be received by the following dates to be considered for the corresponding semester Intersession and Spring:
November 30 Summer: March 30 Fall: April 30th * Scholarship funds include endowments from the SOE general scholarship
fund. Graduate Assistantships The School of Education awards a number of Graduate Assistantships each academic year,
allowing students to work with a Faculty Mentor in the areas of research, teaching or professional development.
Selected students will be paid an hourly rate for up to 200 hours per fiscal year (hours must be utilized by May 20).*
Criteria School of Education full-time faculty members will select students with whom they will work and supervise on
the approved project or assignment. Students must be admitted to and enrolled in a graduate program in the School of
Education. The proposed project must have a strong mentorship component, so that students are able to strengthen their
research, teaching or professional skills. Application Process School of Education full-time faculty member select
student(s) with whom they will work Faculty Mentor completes online Faculty Application Student completes online
considered for the corresponding semester Intersession and Spring: November 30 Summer: March 30 Fall: April 30 *
Scholarship funds include endowments from the SOE general scholarship fund. The Conference Presentation Stipend All
currently enrolled master's and doctoral School of Education students are eligible to apply for the Conference
Presentation Stipend to assist in conference expenses. Applications will be reviewed by the applicant's department
chairperson and faculty members. Eligibility Applicants must have been officially accepted to present (e.g. individual
related to their field(s) of study. Special Status students are not eligible to apply. Conditions The Conference
Presentation Stipend: can only be used to cover conference-related costs such as travel/transportation, registration,
accommodations and/or printing/duplicating costs is granted as a reimbursement after all receipts of covered expenses
have been submitted (original receipts must be submitted to the SOE Dean's Office immediately after the conference) can
fund a student for only one conference per term, determined as per the date of the conference (Term 1: January-July /
Term 2: August - December) Amount The Conference Presentation Stipend cannot exceed $200 per term. Application
Interested students should apply as soon as they receive their conference acceptance letter. To apply, fill out the
Conference Presentation Stipend form, available in the SOE Dean's Office and from department Program Assistants.
Contact your Department Program Assistant for more information. Fellowship for African Students The Fellowship for
African Students will provide up to $7,500 for a Kenyan student in any SOE program. Eligible students should contact
the SOE Dean's Office to request an application. Priority consideration will be given to students admitted from Kenya.
If there are no students admitted from Kenya, students from other countries within Africa are eligible to apply. School
of Education Undocumented Student Scholarship The School of Education is pleased to offer financial support to incoming
and current undocumented and DACAmented students enrolled in any School of Education program (Hilltop or regional
campuses). In recognition of the social change efforts that many of our undocumented students are engaged in, the
scholarship responds to the social, cultural and political stressors undocumented and DACAmented students face. Awards
will be given in the amount of up to $5,000 dollars. Application Process Interested applicants must complete the online
application for the School of Education Scholarship for Undocumented Students. Applications will be reviewed on a
continuous basis. Our committee seeks to make decisions within four weeks after application is submitted. Your
application will be reviewed by a group of School of Education faculty and staff dedicated to supporting undocumented
and DACAmented students. Your application will be handled with the utmost care and confidentiality. If you have any
questions about the application, please contact Amy Fogliani, Director, Admission, Communication, and Outreach, at
afogliani@usfca.edu. Eligibility Requirements Undocumented or DACAmented student Incoming or current student in any
School of Education program (Hilltop or regional campuses) Candidates with financial need will be prioritized, but all
will be considered Priority will be given to applicants who are actively engaged in education advocacy, immigrant
rights, or other work related to supporting undocumented students More info for DACA Applicants Site Footer 2130 Fulton
Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external)
LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Careers at USF Contact Us
Directory News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Bookstore Course Catalog Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual
Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Give to USF Visit myUSF Consumer Information Privacy Statement Web Accessibility
Title: Tuition & Financial Aid - Computer Science Bridge, MS | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/arts-sciences/programs/graduate/computer-science-bridge/tuition-financial-aid 
 Tuition & Financial Aid - Computer Science Bridge, MS | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter
a Search Term Search: Visit usfca.edu Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni
Giving Our Difference Mission & Vision Our Leadership Our Faculty School News Our Programs Undergraduate Programs
Graduate Programs Professional Certificates Research & Creative Achievement Centers & Institutes Undergraduate Teacher
Education Center Autonomous Vehicles & the City Initiative Facilities & Labs Innovation Hive Writing for a Real World
School Life Undergraduate Experience Graduate Experience Events Critical Diversity Studies Forum Global Feminist Forum
Human Rights Film Festival Davies Forum Graduate Admission How to Apply International Students Financial Aid Dean's
Scholarship Tests & Scores Program Contacts Info Sessions & Events Connect with a Current Student Computer Science
Bridge, MS Tuition & Financial Aid Computer Science Bridge, MS Computer Science Bridge, MS Program Overview Master's
Project Faculty Alumni & Careers FAQs Tuition & Financial Aid How to Apply Request Info Apply Now REQUEST APPLY VISIT
Estimated Tuition The estimated cost of the Computer Science Bridge program is $1,660 per unit for the 2024-2025
academic year. Students typically take an average of 24 units in the first academic year and 18 units in the second and
third academic years. A total of 60 units are required for the degree. Program fees are subject to adjustment annually,
and the number of required units may vary based on enrollment status. Please contact Program Director, Lisa Mayorga to
discuss the specifics of the program. Cost of Attendance Financial Aid Scholarships The MSCS program offers a limited
number of merit-based scholarships to incoming and current graduate students, both domestic and international, on a
competitive basis. MSCS Scholarship for Excellence Awarded to incoming MSCS applicants with exceptional applications.
All aspects of the application are considered, including GPA, GRE test scores, TOEFL/ITS scores (if applicable),
letters of recommendation, and the essay/statement of purpose. Up to two awards are made every year, with an
MSCS applicants with outstanding applications who are either women and/or belong to a minority group underrepresented
Scholarship Awarded to incoming MSCS applicants with outstanding applications from all backgrounds, or current MSCS
two semesters. Double Dons Scholarship Double Dons Scholarship USF Alumni and current students can be awarded the USF
Double Dons Scholarship upon admission. The scholarship covers 20% of the program tuition, and may not be stacked with
other USF scholarship awards. Exceptions may apply. Double Dons on MyUSF Applications should be submitted by February
1st for priority scholarship consideration. Scholarships require students to maintain a 3.3 GPA or higher. No
international). Employment There are several employment opportunities for domestic and international students to offset
the cost of living in the area. Assistantships There are a limited number of teacher assistant or research assistant
positions available to current graduate students every semester. These on-campus positions usually require
approximately 10 hours per week and pay an hourly wage. They do not provide tuition remission, and positions are not
promised as part of the admission process. Internships Our prime location in the San Francisco Bay Area and proximity
to Silicon Valley means there are many off-campus internships available for current graduate students that pay a
competitive wage. There are various other on-campus positions available to both domestic and international students.
See the Financial Aid page for all programs for more details. Tuition and Expenses What is the cost of tuition? The
Master of Science in Computer Science is 36 units. Please See USF's Graduate Student Costs page. What will be my living
expenses? Living expenses include rent, food, transportation, and utilities such as electricity and gas. Most students
choose to live off-campus, but limited on-campus housing is available. See USF's Graduate Student Costs and Student
Housing pages for more information. Does the MSCS Bridge program offer scholarships? Yes, the MSCS program awards
several merit-based scholarships every year. Does the MSCS Bridge program offer financial aid? The MSCS program do not
offer any need-based scholarships or awards. However, there are on-campus positions, off-campus positions, and several
other financial aid options that can offset the cost of the program. How do I apply for a scholarship? We automatically
consider all applicants, including domestic and international applicants. There is not a separate application for
scholarships. Can I have a job to help pay for school? Being a full-time student is like a full-time job. However, some
students are able to work part-time during the academic year or full-time during the summer to gain experience and
offset the costs of tuition. There are no restrictions for domestic students, but international students must check
their visa restrictions first. Site Footer 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us
Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube
(link is external) Connect Graduate Admission Careers at USF Contact Us Directory News & Media Academics Academic
Calendar Bookstore Course Catalog Library Campus Campus Safety Maps & Directions Title IX Virtual Tour Apply Give to
Title: USF Parent Gives $1.25 Million for Nursing Scholarships | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/news/nursing-scholarship-gift 
 USF Parent Gives $1.25 Million for Nursing Scholarships | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search
Enter a Search Term Search: Visit usfca.edu Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni
Giving Our Difference Mission, Vision & Values Our People Our Leadership Our Faculty Alumni San Francisco Advantage
Accreditation News Offices & Services Employment 70 Years Anniversary 70 Stories of Impact Our History & Sisters of
Mercy Our Programs Undergraduate Programs Nursing, BSN Public Health, BS Graduate Programs Clinical Psychology, PsyD
Family Nurse Practitioner, DNP Nursing, MSN Psychiatric Mental Health Nurse Practitioner, DNP Public Health, MPH Health
Systems Leadership, DNP Engagement & Impact Simulation Center & Clinical Skills Lab Clinical Skills Lab Simulation
Center Service Abroad & Immersion Programs Preceptor Program School Life Events Crawford Lecture Organizations &
Activities Admission & Aid Application Deadlines Financing Your Education International Students Request Information
Undocumented Students & DACA Giving USF Parent Gives $1.25 Million for Nursing Scholarships by Tara Kyle, of the Office
of Development Communications April 20, 2016 Nursing students at USF work in our immersive learning lab at the
university. A new gift to USF provides for an endowed scholarship for nursing students. Retired businessman and
University of San Francisco parent Park Loughlin has made a $1.25 million gift to scholarships at the School of Nursing
and Health Professions. The new Park Loughlin Family Endowed Nursing Scholarship provides a major boost to the school,
profound personal respect for the hard work and compassionate nature of so many nurses. He witnessed that firsthand
school. Enrollment has more than doubled in the past decade, as Dean Judith Karshmer has added degree programs to meet
himself is a lifelong San Franciscan. He attended Notre Dame des Victoires and Lowell High School before serving in the
Navy and enrolling at Stanford University. His first experiences with USF came as a child, when he would watch Dons
Loughlin has studied symphony at the Fromm Institute. Through his success as a distributor of animal veterinary
products, Loughlin has given back to many institutions around the city, and to his own alma mater. He hopes that by
Francisco. Related News Giving A New Horizon for the Health & Life Sciences Giving Synergy in Science: Diez Cancer
Share Copy Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Email more news Site Footer 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA
94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external)
Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Careers at USF Contact Us Directory News & Media
Academics Academic Calendar Bookstore Course Catalog Library Campus Campus Safety Maps & Directions Title IX Virtual
of San Francisco
Title: Tuition - Graduate School of Management | Online
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/management-programs/admissions/tuition/ 
 Tuition - Graduate School of Management | Online Skip to main content Open the mobile menu: Home Programs Online
Online Programs Tuition Information Admissions Tuition Tuition and Fees MBA TUITION Cost per unit $1,750* 25% tuition
scholarship $472 Effective cost per unit after scholarship $1,313 Total units 40 Enhancement fee $750 (one time) MSA
TUITION Cost per unit $1,650* 25% tuition scholarship $412 Effective cost per unit after scholarship $1,238 Total units
30 MIM TUITION Cost per unit $1,650* 25% tuition scholarship $412 Effective cost per unit after scholarship $1,238
Total units 30 *The cost-per-unit rate provided reflects the rate for the 2024-2025 academic year. Please note that
cost-per-unit rates are subject to annual increases. Funding Your Education We believe in making education available to
as many students as we can. If you have any questions or would like to discuss your funding options, our admissions
advisors are here to help. Contact us at (415) 418-6343 or (800) 969-7770 (toll-free) to explore the best financial
options for your needs. Funding Through Your Employer Many employers offer programs to help cover the cost of your
education, either through tuition assistance or reimbursement. These benefits can partially or even fully fund your
degree. We recommend you check with your human resources department or manager to learn about the available
opportunities and any requirements, such as service commitments or grade targets. If you need help making the case to
your employer, our admissions advisors can talk with you about how you might articulate the benefits of an educational
investment to your company. External Funding U.S. citizens and permanent residents are eligible for low-interest loans
offered by the U.S. federal student loan program. For information on federal student loans, visit www.fafsa.ed.gov or
contact the USF Financial Aid Office at (415) 422-2020 or financialaid@usfca.edu. You may also visit the USF Financial
aid website. The USF school code for the FAFSA is 001325. We recommend that you submit your FAFSA as early as possible,
even before an admission decision is made. Yellow Ribbon Program The University of San Francisco participates in the
Ribbon page through our Veterans Enrollment Center. In this section Admissions International Students Tuition Request
offered by the Masagung Graduate School of Management, please fill out the form. You can also get in touch with an
admissions advisor directly by calling us at (800) 969-7770. Which program are you interested in?* [Select One] Master
of Business Administration Master of Science in Accounting Master of Science in Management First Name* Last Name*
Email* Phone* Website University of San Francisco has engaged AllCampus to help support your educational journey.
AllCampus will contact you shortly in response to your request for information. About AllCampus. Privacy Policy. You
may opt out of receiving communications at any time. * All Fields are Required. Your Privacy is Protected. Are you
enrolling from outside the US? Click here. USF Masagung Graduate School of Management 101 Howard Street, Suite 500 San
Francisco, CA 94105 (800) 969-7770 Home Online MBA Program Overview Online MBA Curriculum Online MSA Program Overview
Online MSA Curriculum Online MIM Program Overview Online MIM Curriculum Faculty Admissions International Students
Title: A Family Affair | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/news/family-affair 
 A Family Affair | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Visit usfca.edu
Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Our Difference Mission & Vision Our
Leadership Our Faculty School News Our Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Professional Certificates
Research & Creative Achievement Centers & Institutes Undergraduate Teacher Education Center Autonomous Vehicles & the
City Initiative Facilities & Labs Innovation Hive Writing for a Real World School Life Undergraduate Experience
Graduate Experience Events Critical Diversity Studies Forum Global Feminist Forum Human Rights Film Festival Davies
Forum Graduate Admission How to Apply International Students Financial Aid Dean's Scholarship Tests & Scores Program
Contacts Info Sessions & Events Connect with a Current Student Engaged Learning A Family Affair Partnership provides
scholarship to Sport Management student April 13, 2022 Keisha May '19 and Jordan Bufford '19 Thanks to a partnership
be awarded to students entering the program at the start of the next academic year, is intended to pay it forward for
concerns around completing something like grad school, so to help provide them with financial stability or assistance
questions that speak to their goals and the impact such a scholarship would have on their graduate school education.
benefit from the scholarship, who would most be able to really utilize the funding to reach their goals and
its partnership with BUSF and unites behind a shared mission of supporting students with a sense of community in their
continuing to pay it forward by helping current students learn valuable career insights, life lessons, and support
Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link
is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Graduate Admission Careers at USF Contact Us
Directory News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Bookstore Course Catalog Library Campus Campus Safety Maps &
Directions Title IX Virtual Tour Apply Give to USF Visit myUSF Consumer Information Privacy Statement Web Accessibility
Title: Financial Aid & Scholarships - Migration Studies, MA | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/arts-sciences/programs/graduate/migration-studies/financial-aid-scholarships 
 Financial Aid & Scholarships - Migration Studies, MA | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a
Search Term Search: Visit usfca.edu Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving
Our Difference Mission & Vision Our Leadership Our Faculty School News Our Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate
Programs Professional Certificates Research & Creative Achievement Centers & Institutes Undergraduate Teacher Education
Center Autonomous Vehicles & the City Initiative Facilities & Labs Innovation Hive Writing for a Real World School Life
Undergraduate Experience Graduate Experience Events Critical Diversity Studies Forum Global Feminist Forum Human Rights
Film Festival Davies Forum Graduate Admission How to Apply International Students Financial Aid Dean's Scholarship
Tests & Scores Program Contacts Info Sessions & Events Connect with a Current Student Migration Studies, MA Financial
Aid Our program offers some scholarships that are awarded to students on a competitive basis, travel grants, as well as
teaching and research assistantship opportunities. Migration Studies, MA Migration Studies, MA Program Overview Faculty
Learn by Doing Careers Financial Aid & Scholarships Contact Us How To Apply REQUEST INFO APPLY NOW REQUEST APPLY
Estimated Tuition The estimated cost of the Migration Studies program is $1,660 per unit for the 2024-2025 academic
year, with a minimum of 16 units required to be completed each academic year. Students typically take an average of 16
units in the first academic year and 15 units in the second academic year. A total of 31 units are required for the
degree. Program fees are subject to adjustment annually, and the number of required units may vary based on enrollment
status. Please contact Aide Rodriguez (arodriguez38@usfca.edu) to discuss the specifics of the program. Financial Aid
Cost of Attendance Program Scholarships and Research Awards Program Scholarships are merit-based scholarships awarded
to new students. All applicants, U.S. and international, are considered for these scholarships at the time of admission
consideration. They are limited in number and vary in amount and cover part of tuition costs. Scholarship awards will
be indicated in your admission letter. Applications completed by February 1st give priority consideration for a program
scholarship. MIMS Travel Awards are awarded to assist students with the costs of conducting their capstone project
research and travel related to research and conferences. These scholarships, which are limited in number, are awarded
and be featured on the program website. Apply for the program by the priority deadline to be considered. Decisions will
be made based on the strength of the application materials. Double Dons Scholarship USF Alumni and current students can
be awarded the USF Double Dons Scholarship upon admission. The scholarship covers 20% of the program tuition, and may
not be stacked with other USF scholarship awards. Exceptions may apply. Double Dons on MyUSF Resident Ministers,
available to qualified students to assist MIMS faculty in courses and course-related research. Research Assistantships
Ministry has a small number of Resident Minister positions, MIMS recommends individual candidates to apply to them.
Other Opportunities Visit the Student Affairs Internship Program website. In addition, U.S. citizens or permanent
residents can also find USF job postings at the human resources website. Find non-USF opportunities at the Office of
Graduate Admission's Non-USF Financial Aid page. Site Footer 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA
94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external)
Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Graduate Admission Careers at USF Contact Us Directory
News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Bookstore Course Catalog Library Campus Campus Safety Maps & Directions Title
University of San Francisco
Title: Athletic Scholarship Opens Doors for USF Student | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/news/alumni/athletic-scholarship-opens-doors 
 Athletic Scholarship Opens Doors for USF Student | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a
Search Term Search: Visit usfca.edu Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving
Our Difference Mission & Vision Our Leadership Our Faculty School News Our Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate
Programs Professional Certificates Research & Creative Achievement Centers & Institutes Undergraduate Teacher Education
Center Autonomous Vehicles & the City Initiative Facilities & Labs Innovation Hive Writing for a Real World School Life
Undergraduate Experience Graduate Experience Events Critical Diversity Studies Forum Global Feminist Forum Human Rights
Film Festival Davies Forum Graduate Admission How to Apply International Students Financial Aid Dean's Scholarship
Tests & Scores Program Contacts Info Sessions & Events Connect with a Current Student Giving Athletic Scholarship Opens
to play at the collegiate level one day. Years later, after tremendous hard work and discipline, he landed an athletic
that earned four West Coast Conference All-Academic first team honors. Shabazz was one of those students. As a
communications major, Shabazz hopes to achieve great feats during his time at USF. He shares his gratitude to the
is. The opportunities that the school provides and the resources you have access to while you're here encourage
everyone to do their part and more in the world. The process to change the world just starts here at USF. I plan on
educating people on how to effectively communicate with each other, no matter the topic. Through basketball, I hope to
day to help you reach your goal, no matter how big or small, eventually you will look up and see that you achieved what
basketball team is one of the best experiences I have had here at USF. We really are a family and we constantly look
out for each other, on and off the court, coaching staff included. We have a very strong history with NBA legends that
attended here, like Bill Russell and Bill Cartwright. Back then they won a lot of national championships and were the
number one ranked team in the country, so we have high standards to live up to. I am excited to be a part of the team
that will build upon that legacy. How has your athletic scholarship impacted you? My athletic scholarship has impacted
appreciative I am of the generosity they consistently show to our program and school. It never goes unnoticed. If any
they transformed your time at USF? My professor Bryan Whaley. I have taken two of his communications classes and he
helped me a lot. He helps us see things for what they are and shows us skills that everyone can apply to the real world
the culture, my team, the diversity, the support, the resources, the faculty, the architecture, the struggle, the
memories, the future, the love, and the green and gold. Related News Giving A New Horizon for the Health & Life
Sciences Giving Synergy in Science: Diez Cancer Biology Lab Integrates Student Research Giving First Generation,
2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is
external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Graduate Admission
Careers at USF Contact Us Directory News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Bookstore Course Catalog Library Campus
Campus Safety Maps & Directions Title IX Virtual Tour Apply Give to USF Visit myUSF Consumer Information Privacy
Title: Scholarship for Impact | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/news/scholarship-impact 
 Scholarship for Impact | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Visit
usfca.edu Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) JD LLM & Grad Tax Visit Law Library Giving Alumni & Friends Our Difference Our
Campus Our Mission & History Our People Faculty & Impact Leadership Quick Facts Consumer Information (ABA Required
Disclosures) Directory San Francisco Advantage Our Programs JD Program Full-Time Part-Time Dual Degree Programs
Certificates LLM & Graduate Tax Programs Intellectual Property & Technology Law, LLM International Transactions &
Comparative Law, LLM Master of Legal Studies in Taxation, MLST Taxation, LLM Academic Services Areas of Study
Alternative Dispute Resolution Animal Law Constitutional Law Corporate & Commercial Law Criminal Law & Procedure
Discrimination Law Environmental & Energy Law Estate Planning & Family Law Immigration Law Intellectual Property,
Technology, & Entrepreneurship Law International & Comparative Law Labor & Employment Law Litigation & Trial Advocacy
Public Interest & Social Justice Sports, Entertainment, & the Arts Taxation Law School Life & Careers Career Services
Find Your Path Market Yourself Get Hands-On Experience Build Your Network Hire USF Law Career Services Team Health &
Wellness Housing at St. Anne's Organizations & Associations Public Service & Social Justice Centers & Programs Center
for Contemplative Law & Ethics Center for Law, Tech, and Social Good The McAuliffe Honor Society Work Law & Justice
Program Events Publications School of Law News Engaged Learning Externships Intensive Advocacy Program Keta Taylor
Colby Death Penalty Project Law Clinics Legal Research, Writing & Analysis Moot Court First Year Program Advanced Moot
Court Advocacy Competition Teams Volunteer Registration Student-Run Academic Journals Admissions & Aid JD Admissions JD
Application Requirements Admissions Policy Class Profile FAQ Honors Leadership Program Admissions Events Admitted
Students LLM & Graduate Tax Admissions LLM in Intellectual Property & Technology Law Applicants LLM in International
Transactions & Comparative Law Applicants LLM in Taxation Applicants Master of Legal Studies in Taxation Applicants
Tuition & Financial Aid Tuition & Financial Aid for JD Tuition & Financial Aid for LLM & Grad Tax Law Student Veterans
Plan a Visit Detailed Driving Directions Public Transportation Directions Faculty & Staff Achievements Scholarship for
Impact Prof. Lara Bazelon is appointed associate dean for faculty scholarship by Matthew Hose July 28, 2022 Professor
Lara Bazelon has been named the School of Law's new associate dean for faculty scholarship. She will step into the
position on August 1, where she will help support and optimize the impact of faculty research and writing, while also
creating programs to foster a vibrant intellectual community at the School of Law. Prof. Alice Kaswan has served in the
role for the past three years. Bazelon, who is known as much for her searing op-eds in publications like The Atlantic
and The New York Times as for her deep research into topics like prosecutorial misconduct, says she will bring to the
role an expertise in creating scholarship that has impact beyond the legal community. "I've long been fascinated with
USF's commitment to excellence in scholarship with practical impact," Bazelon says. "The kind of scholarship I produce
is really geared toward: 'How can we move the development of the law forward? How can we make the practice of law more
fair?'" In particular, Bazelon says she's looking to resume the School of Law's monthly scholarly lunches in-person,
which have taken place virtually over Zoom since the start of the COVID-19 pandemic. Those lunches, she notes, are
great ways for professors to refine their thinking and find placement for their articles while fostering a robust
exchange of ideas, and she believes face-to-face time is crucial for creating community among faculty. She also is
hoping to create workshops that can help faculty transform scholarly articles into blogs, op-eds and other digestible
that forces her to boil down her idea to reach a completely different audience. "I think it's important to reach other
non-lawyers with our writing too," says Bazelon. "It's my belief that people in the academy have an obligation to try
want to be public intellectuals, could do more to translate our foundational work into the forums and publishing venues
writing work, Bazelon is the Director of the Criminal & Juvenile Justice Clinic and the Racial Justice Clinic, as well
Innocence Commission. Bazelon says that scholarly writing makes her both a better lawyer and professor. "I like digging
deep into a topic I'm already interested in and learning all the nuances and twists and turns of it," Bazelon says.
"Like many people, writing is very difficult for me. I have such a strange relationship to it because I feel a
compulsive need to do it, and yet it's extremely hard. It's kind of like exercise, I have to force myself and then
afterwards I feel so much better that I did." Share Copy Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Email more news Site Footer 2130
Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-6307 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is
external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Careers at USF
Contact Us Directory News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Bookstore Course Catalog Library Apply Give to USF Visit
Title: Fulbright Scholarship Awarded to USF Professor of Education | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/news/pace-fulbright 
 Fulbright Scholarship Awarded to USF Professor of Education | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search
Enter a Search Term Search: Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for
(Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values
Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond
Carbon Neutral San Francisco's University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San
Francisco Main Campus Downtown San Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage
Rates President & Leadership Board of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office
USF News Academics Learn to Create Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors
Graduate Programs Dual Degree Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic
Support Undergraduate Research Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health
Professions Advising Graduate & Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional
Certificates Executive Education The San Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges
College of Arts & Sciences School of Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health
Professions Libraries Admission & Aid Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International
Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions
Student Resources International Graduate Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of
Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty &
Research Faculty & Student Research Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia
Pacific Studies Center for Teaching Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane
Center for Catholic Social Thought & the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common
Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the
City The Campus Experience Arts & Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student
Activities Student Employment Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing
Dining on Campus Career Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events Faculty & Staff Achievements
Fulbright Scholarship Awarded to USF Professor of Education by Annie Breen, USF News June 8, 2023 Professor Judith L.
Pace is a Fulbright U.S. Scholar for 2023-2024, recognized for her efforts to prepare educators to teach about
Education, received the Fulbright Global Scholar Award. Image The award allows U.S. academics and professionals to
engage in international research and teaching projects for up to two years in several different countries. Pace will
spend the 2023-24 academic year at the University of Sarajevo in Bosnia and Herzegovina and the Universities of
Hard Questions: Learning to Teach Controversial Issues. Pace will co-instruct modules on how to teach controversial
learn from these modules and apply to their own teaching. Her aim is to help new teachers in the post-conflict
countries of Bosnia and Herzegovina and South Africa cultivate inquiry, understanding of issues, and dialogue across
Co-Authors the First Textbook on Google Earth Share Copy Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Email more news Site Footer
University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link
is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is
external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore
Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Visit Give to USF myUSF Consumer Information
Title: Scholarships & Other Aid - School of Law | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/law/admissions/tuition-aid/jd/scholarships-other-aid 
 Scholarships & Other Aid - School of Law | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term
Search: Visit usfca.edu Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) JD LLM & Grad Tax Visit Law Library Giving Alumni & Friends Our
Difference Our Campus Our Mission & History Our People Faculty & Impact Leadership Quick Facts Consumer Information
(ABA Required Disclosures) Directory San Francisco Advantage Our Programs JD Program Full-Time Part-Time Dual Degree
Programs Certificates LLM & Graduate Tax Programs Intellectual Property & Technology Law, LLM International
Transactions & Comparative Law, LLM Master of Legal Studies in Taxation, MLST Taxation, LLM Academic Services Areas of
Study Alternative Dispute Resolution Animal Law Constitutional Law Corporate & Commercial Law Criminal Law & Procedure
Discrimination Law Environmental & Energy Law Estate Planning & Family Law Immigration Law Intellectual Property,
Technology, & Entrepreneurship Law International & Comparative Law Labor & Employment Law Litigation & Trial Advocacy
Public Interest & Social Justice Sports, Entertainment, & the Arts Taxation Law School Life & Careers Career Services
Find Your Path Market Yourself Get Hands-On Experience Build Your Network Hire USF Law Career Services Team Health &
Wellness Housing at St. Anne's Organizations & Associations Public Service & Social Justice Centers & Programs Center
for Contemplative Law & Ethics Center for Law, Tech, and Social Good The McAuliffe Honor Society Work Law & Justice
Program Events Publications School of Law News Engaged Learning Externships Intensive Advocacy Program Keta Taylor
Colby Death Penalty Project Law Clinics Legal Research, Writing & Analysis Moot Court First Year Program Advanced Moot
Court Advocacy Competition Teams Volunteer Registration Student-Run Academic Journals Admissions & Aid JD Admissions JD
Application Requirements Admissions Policy Class Profile FAQ Honors Leadership Program Admissions Events Admitted
Students LLM & Graduate Tax Admissions LLM in Intellectual Property & Technology Law Applicants LLM in International
Transactions & Comparative Law Applicants LLM in Taxation Applicants Master of Legal Studies in Taxation Applicants
Tuition & Financial Aid Tuition & Financial Aid for JD Tuition & Financial Aid for LLM & Grad Tax Law Student Veterans
Plan a Visit Detailed Driving Directions Public Transportation Directions Admissions & Aid Scholarships & Other Aid
On This page Scholarships Educational Benefits for Veterans Summer Financial Aid Student Employment Loan Programs Aid
for Visiting Students There are many financial aid options to help you afford your USF legal education, and our Office
of Financial Aid will support you in exploring all the options available to you. Scholarships There are many financial
aid options to help you afford your USF legal education, and our Office of Financial Aid will support you in exploring
all avenues. First Year Students: Merit Scholarships The USF School of Law awards merit scholarships to selected
students entering their first year of study based on their pre-law school academic achievement and demonstrated
potential for success in legal studies. No application is required. All applicants are considered for merit
scholarships, which are granted after a review of the application materials. No additional financial aid or other forms
are required. Students selected to receive these merit scholarships are notified of any scholarship award with their
offer of admission. Merit-based scholarships are funded in part, by our generous donors. In addition, many of our
of tuition, are renewable for your second and third year (and fourth year for part time students) when you meet
scholarship renewal requirements, such as minimum GPA. Students who receive scholarships for the first year only may
apply for additional scholarship support for their subsequent second, third, or fourth year through our Continuing
Students Scholarship Program. Continuing Students Scholarship Program - Application Required Continuing law students
may apply for scholarships funded by gifts from generous USF alumni and friends. Applications are reviewed by
alumni/donor or a law school committee and students are selected based on criteria specific to each scholarship.
Students may apply each year for a number of these scholarships. Scholarship awards are designated for the fall and
spring semesters only and are evenly disbursed between both semesters. Scholarship awards are not applicable toward any
summer session enrollment. The total amount in scholarships (e.g., university, law school, outside agency, or any
combination of the three) cannot exceed tuition charges. If a law student is awarded scholarship aid from a private
agency, the total amount of combined aid cannot exceed their tuition charges unless the private agency specifically
states that its scholarship funds can be used for living expenses. External Scholarships There are a variety of
scholarships awarded by outside agencies, which have their own applications procedures, criteria, and deadlines. We
regularly post updated lists of scholarships and deadlines on myUSF. Educational Benefits for Veterans Veteran Aid for
Law Students Summer Financial Aid Financial aid in the form of private loans, Federal Direct Unsubsidized Loan, or the
Federal Direct Graduate PLUS loan is available to continuing USF law students who decide to enroll in USF's Summer
programs. Summer Tuition and Fees are available on the University Tuition and Fees page. These programs include the
Intensive Advocacy Program (IAP), International Summer Externships, and regular Summer Session and domestic Summer
Externships for unit credit at the USF School of Law. In order to be eligible for Summer financial aid, USF law
students are required to complete the following: Register for a Summer class. A registration email notification will be
example, students needing financial assistance for Summer 2024 are required to complete the 2023-24 FAFSA application
and should do so no later than April 10, 2024). Submit the Summer 2024 Financial Aid Intent to Enroll Online Form
(ITE)* to the law school financial aid administrator by April 10 for all USF School of Law Summer programs. Failure to
submit the online ITE form by the above deadline may result in a delay in receiving Summer aid. Summer 2024 ITE online
forms will be available by March 12, 2024. Be offered and accept either a Summer Federal Direct Unsubsidized Loan
and/or a Summer Federal Direct Graduate PLUS Loans for all registered Summer programs at your myUSF student portal.
Before accepting any Summer Federal Loans, law students must have already completed a FAFSA and received a Financial
Aid Award Notice for the 2023-24 academic year; OR apply for a Summer private loan directly with a private loan lender
beginning March 15. All Summer program participants should apply no later than April 10 in order to meet the May 1
Summer tuition deadline. A list of lenders USF Law School has worked with in the past is available in the Loan Programs
section. Law students must be enrolled in a minimum of three (3) units for their Summer program in order to receive
federal financial aid. If a law student drops below three units during the course of their respective Summer program,
the federal financial aid will be canceled and funds returned to the lender. Any Summer billing charges become the sole
responsibility of the student, including housing if the student is participating in a Summer abroad program. The USF
Student Accounts Office will send the student an updated Summer bill. If a student decides to enroll in less than three
units for the Summer, the only alternative to federal financial aid is a private loan. Contact the Law School Financial
Aid Office for more information at lawfinaid@usfca.edu. The tuition payment deadline for all USF Summer programs is May
1 (including Regular Summer Session and externships as well as International Summer Externships). Information for
Private Loans Only: Once a Summer private loan is approved by the lender, the student must submit a promissory note to
the lender. USF will be notified electronically once the promissory note has been received by the lender. The
university main office of financial aid administrator will then certify the Summer loan and verify that the loan amount
approved is the appropriate amount for that particular Summer program budget. Master Promissory Note: If you have
already submitted a Federal Direct Unsubsidized or Graduate PLUS loan promissory note for the previous or current
academic year, there is no need to submit another promissory note as the original notes serve as a master promissory
notes for all future Federal Direct Loans at USF. New Federal Direct loan borrowers must complete a master promissory
note online at Federal Student Aid before any Summer Federal Direct loan funds are disbursed to the student. New loan
borrowers must also complete an online debt management counseling session at Federal Student Aid. Upon registration for
Summer classes, USF law students must submit an online ITE form in order for the law financial aid office to monitor
must notify the law financial aid office so we may be able to monitor the status of your private loan. The private loan
will need to be certified in order for that type of aid to apply towards any summer tuition bill. Private loan
certification typically begins in early April after registration is confirmed. Once the Summer PLUS loan is awarded and
accepted, or a private Summer loan is certified, the funds will appear as 'Authorized Financial Aid' on your USF
student account if you are registered for summer units and the aid will be applied towards your summer tuition bill.
Disbursement and Refund: Funds are disbursed (sent electronically) to the USF by lenders. Loan funds are used to pay
tuition first. Any excess loan funds are refunded to the law student and can be used for living and other expenses.
Summer Loan disbursement dates are noted on the ITE form You may also contact the Law Financial Aid Office for the most
up to date disbursement dates for Summer. Law students who are enrolled in the direct deposit refund process should
expect a loan refund two to five business days AFTER the loan disbursement date. Law students who are not utilizing
direct deposit should expect a paper check refund ten to fifteen business days after the loan disbursement date. The
earliest scheduled Summer loan disbursement dates are typically one week before your Summer program begins. Students
planning on participating in an International Summer Externship program and who plan on applying for summer Federal
Direct loan funds will not have access to these loan funds early enough to assist with anticipated travel expenses such
as a plane ticket. Please note the following important information regarding summer financial aid eligibility:
Satisfactory Academic Progress (SAP): Law students who are on academic probation during the spring semester (based on
fall semester grades) are not eligible to receive financial aid for the following summer. You may apply for summer
financial aid AFTER all spring grades are posted and you have returned to good academic standing. Law students
registered for summer programs who become academically disqualified from law school after the spring semester are no
longer eligible to receive financial aid for the summer. Any summer aid is canceled and is returned to the lender. Any
summer billing charges become the sole responsibility of the student, including housing if you are participating in a
summer abroad program and if the law student chooses to remain in the summer program. The USF Student Accounts Office
will send the student an updated summer bill. Law students who graduate in the spring semester prior to summer session
are not eligible for summer financial aid. USF Law scholarships and/or grants are NOT applicable towards any summer
session programs. Student Employment The university participates in the Federal Work Study Program funded in part by
the U.S. Department of Education. The university also offers regular non-work study employment funded directly from the
department for which students are employed. There is no differential of pay rate, hours, or benefits between work study
and non-work study. All full-time law students must complete a work statement declaration indicating their
understanding that they cannot work more than 20 hours per week as directed by the American Bar Association.
Declaration forms are available through the law school's registrar office and are sent to all law students beginning
their second year. Federal Work Study is a federally funded need-based program. Federal Work Study funds are not
available to first-year law students. Due to limited Federal Work Study funds, continuing law students who wish to be
considered for Federal Work Study funds must submit a FAFSA application by March 1 and indicate interest in such funds
on the FAFSA application. Law students who submit a FAFSA application after this date will not be considered for any
Federal Work Study funds. The maximum amount of work study awarded each academic year is $5,000. Federal Work Study
funds can be used in either on-campus employment or off-campus employment. Off-campus employers must be a public agency
or private nonprofit agency approved by the university and must have a work study contract with the university. A list
of university approved agencies is available through the law school's Office of Financial Aid or the USF Student
Employment Office at Lone Mountain campus, room 202. Law students can also submit a request to have an off-campus
public agency or private nonprofit agency approved for the Federal Work Study program if they are not currently on the
university approved list. Please contact the law school's financial aid office or the USF Student Employment Office for
more information. The Federal Work Study funds for on-campus and off-campus employment pay 70 percent of the student
over the course of the award year in an approved FWS position. The first day of the fall or spring academic term is the
first day students in an authorized work-study employment position can expect to be paid using Federal Work Study
award. Federal Work Study is available only for the fall and spring semesters. IMPORTANT: Continuing law students who
are offered this aid and do not "accept" this aid by the first day of fall semester classes will have this aid
automatically cancelled by the USF Financial Aid Office. Summer Federal Work Study funding is determined annually by
the university in early April prior to the summer session and is not guaranteed. If Summer Federal Work Study funding
is available, employment is available only through university approved off-campus agencies and is typically available
beginning July 1. Law students should be aware that Federal Work Study funds will not pay for any summer hours worked
prior to July 1 even if it is at an approved agency. Information on Federal Work Study and employment requirements can
be found at the USF Student Employment website. Loan Programs For most law students, federal government and private
educational loans are the bulk of their financial aid. Federal Loan Programs Federal loan programs are available to all
citizens or permanent residents of the United States who are in good academic standing. The awards go to the applicants
who show the greatest need. Foreign students are not eligible for federal loan programs. William D. Ford Federal Direct
Loan Program USF makes available federal loans to its law students through the William D. Ford Federal Direct Loan
Program. All first time William D. Ford Federal Direct Loan borrowers at USF must submit a Master Promissory Note (MPN)
and complete an online Debt Management Counseling Session. You only need to submit a MPN and complete the Debt
Management Counseling Session once during your attendance at the USF School of Law. Graduate aid applicants may be
eligible to apply for an Unsubsidized direct loan. Terms and conditions include a current interest rate of 5.28% which
begins to accrue at time of disbursement. Payments of this loan is deferred while a student is in school enrolled at
least half-time. This loan has a repayment grace period of 6 months that begins after a student graduates, leaves
school, or drops below half-time enrollment. Payment of interest may be deferred until repayment begins. Unpaid
interest will be added to the principle borrowed and increase the amount on which future interest is calculated when
repayment begins. The annual loan limit for graduate student borrowers for the Unsubsidized William D. Ford Federal
Direct Loan Program is $20,500. The Department of Education charges the borrower a loan origination fee of 1.057% of
the principal amount of the Federal Direct Unsubsidized Loan. If you accept the Federal Direct Unsubsidized Loan and
you have not previously signed a Direct Loan master promissory note, you will need to complete an online Master
Promissory Note (MPN) at the Direct Loans website Federal Student Aid. Your online MPN will be available beginning
early June and only if you have accepted the Federal Unsubsidized Direct Loan at USF. Note: Master Promissory notes are
only valid for up to 10 years since your first Direct Loan. New loan borrowers must also complete an on-line Debt
Management Counseling session at Federal Student Aid. You only need to complete these requirements once while in law
school. Federal Direct Graduate Plus Graduate and professional students will also be able to borrow from the Federal
Direct Graduate PLUS Loan Program. The loan limit for Federal Direct Graduate PLUS is the borrower's cost of education
less any other aid the borrower has accepted for the loan period. To be eligible, a student must be enrolled at least
half-time, must apply first and receive the Federal Direct Unsubsidized loan by filing a current FAFSA application. The
Federal Direct Graduate PLUS Loan features a fixed 5.28% interest rate, fixed monthly payments, a variety of payment
plans beginning with a standard 10 year repayment, and the ability to consolidate PLUS with other federal student
loans. The Department of Education charges the borrower a loan fee of 4.228% of the principal amount of each Federal
Direct Graduate PLUS Loan. The loans offered by Federal Direct Graduate PLUS are eligible for an automatic in-school
deferment. This allows a borrower who is enrolled at least half-time to postpone payments until after the borrower
graduates or drops below half-time status. PLUS Loans disbursed after July 1, 2008, have an automatic deferral of
repayment for an additional 6 months after the borrower ceases to be enrolled at least half-time. Approval of a Federal
Direct Graduate PLUS Loan is based on credit worthiness, and requires a separate promissory note than used for the
William D. Ford Federal Direct Loan Program, as well as completion of a Graduate PLUS online entrance counseling
session. Once approved for a PLUS Loan, new PLUS loan borrowers must complete a separate Master Promissory Note for the
PLUS loan and complete an online Debt Management Counseling Session. Students should accept this aid online via their
myUSF student account no later than July 15 for the upcoming fall and spring semesters. Accepting after this date may
cause you to miss the August 1 fall tuition deadline and delay receiving funds for living expenses as well as possible
cancelation of your class registration if tuition is not paid in full on August 1 by personal funds and/or anticipated
approved financial aid funds. Private Loans A student with additional or unmet financial need who does not intend to
borrow from the Direct Graduate PLUS Loan program may want to consider applying for a private loan. These credit-based
loans are funded through private companies and are available to law students who are enrolled on at least a half-time
basis. The maximum loan amount cannot exceed the total "cost of education" minus other financial aid offered and
accepted. A brief summary on some of the lenders our students have used in the past is provided below, however, we
recommend students read their applications in their entirety before choosing/accepting a private loan. Students may
select from any private lender and are not limited to the lenders listed below. Please note that private loans are not
Assistance Program. When requesting your loan amount, please indicate the amount you need for the entire school year.
Your total loan proceeds will be divided into two equal disbursements and will be available to you at the beginning of
each semester. If applying only for the fall and spring terms, students should apply for a private loan after June 1
and not earlier. To apply for one of the following loans, contact the lender directly by phone or online. You will
usually know if your loan is approved within a few minutes. After completion and approval of a private loan, sign and
return the promissory note to the lender. Lenders will then notify the Law School Financial Aid Office of your approved
loan and request USF to certify your loan. In order to assure your compliance with tuition deadlines and to have loan
funds available to you once school starts in the fall semester, please have your private loan completed with your
lender no later than July 15. Applying after this date may cause you to miss the August 1 fall tuition deadline and
delay receiving funds for living expenses as well as possible cancelation of your class registration if tuition is not
paid in full on August 1 by personal funds and/or anticipated approved financial aid funds. PRIVATE LOANS Bar
Examination Loans There are several private lenders who offer credit-based Bar Examination loans to help cover living
expenses during the bar exam study period immediately after graduation. Depending on the loan program and your total
debt, you may apply for up to $15,000. Depending on the lender, graduating law students can apply as early as one year
before their graduation date and as late as one year after their graduation date. Once you have been approved for a bar
loan and have accepted the loan, USF will be notified electronically of your approved loan. All approved Bar Exam loan
applications must be certified by the Law School Financial Aid Administrator before the funds are made available to
you. Bar loan funds are mailed directly to the graduating student by the loan vendor. International students may be
eligible to apply, depending on the lender. Please contact the private educational loan vendors for applications and
for more information, or go to our ELMSelect web page and select Law Student. Or drop by the Law School Financial Aid
Office to get the Bar Examination Loan Publication. Bar Examination Loans help finance bar exam costs as well as living
expenses. Interest and eligibility for these loans vary and are subject to credit approval. In some cases, lenders may
require the borrower to have an eligible co-signer. In choosing a lender, you should compare interest rates, the
benefits offered, repayment options and restrictions. To determine the best deal for you, make certain you understand
the terms of each loan product and if they are subject to change. You should also be aware that the application process
may impact your credit. Federal loans cannot be awarded for bar study because bar study costs are incurred
post-enrollment. Private bar examination loans differ from federal loans in several ways: Private loans may not be
consolidated with federal loans Private loans are not eligible for federal loan repayment options (such as IBR) Private
loans are not eligible for federal loan forgiveness (such as PSLF) Private loan interest rates are generally tied to
credit-worthiness Private loans require school certification of enrollment dates These loans are disbursed directly to
the borrower (not the school) USF does not recommend or promote any of these lenders. The list simply represents
lenders who provided the bar examination loan to students attending the University of San Francisco School of Law. It
is up to you to decide which lender to use to obtain your bar examination loan. See lender websites for complete, and
up-to-date details. Private Bar Loan Options* SALLIE MAE CITIZENS BANK PNC BAR LOAN MAXIMUM $15,000 $16,000 $15,000
APPLICATION DEADLINE 12 Months after graduation 6 Months after graduation 6 Months after graduation CUMULATIVE DEBT
LIMIT** No known debt limit $225,000 No known debt limit ORIGINATION FEE No fees No fees No fees BAR LOAN APR INTEREST
RATE Variable 2.90%-11.56% Fixed 5.75%-12.68% Variable 4.44% - 9.52% Fixed 7.39%- 12.94% Variable 1.96% - 8.96% Fixed
3.49% - 10.49% GRACE PERIOD 9 Months 6 Months 6 Months REPAYMENT PERIOD Up to 15 years 5 or 10 years 5, 10, or 15 years
* This is not an exhaustive list. Additional commercial loan options may be available. Please visit lender websites for
the most up-to-date rates and terms. ** Co-signers with good credit are highly recommended to help you secure a lower
Visiting Another Law School USF law students who plan on visiting for a semester, a full year, or a summer program at
another ABA-accredited law school are eligible to receive financial aid through USF as long as the host school agrees
to enter into a consortium agreement with the USF School of Law. Financial aid will consist of federal and private
loans for the fall and spring semesters. Only private loans and Graduate PLUS loans are available during the summer
unless the USF law student is graduating the following fall semester. USF students awarded any USF scholarship and/or
grant are not allowed to use such funds while attending another ABA-accredited law school as a visiting student during
the normal academic year or during the summer. In order to be eligible for financial aid as a visiting student, USF law
students are required to complete the following: Receive permission from the USF School of Law associate dean of
academic affairs granting approval to visit another ABA-accredited law school. Receive official letter of admission as
a visiting student at another ABA-accredited law school. Submit a FAFSA application for the appropriate academic year
(for example, students needing financial assistance for the 2023-24 academic year, including summer 2024 are required
to complete the 2023-24 FAFSA application and should do so as soon as possible). Inform the USF Law School financial
Aid Office of your intention to visit at another ABA-accredited law school via email (lawfinaid@usfca.edu) or hard copy
school for the visiting term(s). If visiting during the summer, USF students must submit an Intent to Enroll for Summer
(ITE) Form 2019 to the law school financial aid office along with the documents noted above. The financial aid office
will forward a USF School of Law consortium agreement to the host school's financial aid office requesting enrollment
and cost of attendance information. This form must be returned to the USF financial aid administrator in order for USF
to process your financial aid. Law students should inform the law school financial aid administrator of their intention
to visit at another ABA-accredited law school as soon they are offered admission to the host school. Once a consortium
agreement is received and processed by the law school financial aid administrator, the law student will be notified in
writing. Federal and private loan funds are disbursed directly to USF on behalf of the student once each semester for
the appropriate visiting term or in two equal installments, once each semester, if visiting for a full year. The
earliest scheduled disbursement date is typically the week before the USF School of Law classes begin. The USF Student
Accounts Office will issue a tuition payment check to the host school once the loan funds are received by the
University. Any excess loan funds are then refunded to the student. If the host school does not require a direct
payment from USF, the entire financial aid disbursement will be refunded to the USF student. USF law students are
responsible for forwarding official enrollment and tuition payment verification to the law school financial aid
administrator in order for a check to be issued to the host school and for any excess loan funds to be refunded to the
law student. The USF student must have a completed an Electronic Fund Transfer (EFT) authorization form on file with
the USF Student Accounts Office to receive funds electronically. Otherwise, a paper check refund will be issued to the
law student for any excess loan refunds. Law students visiting at another ABA-accredited law school are responsible for
submitting verification of enrollment at the host school to all of their lenders, federal and private. Failure to do so
will result in an early repayment schedule of both federal and private loans. Visiting Students Attending USF Law
students from other ABA-accredited law schools who plan on visiting USF, including the Summer Abroad programs,
Intensive Advocacy Program (IAP), and regular summer session may be eligible for financial aid assistance through their
home school if their home school enters into a consortium agreement with the USF School of Law. Visiting law students
should contact their home school's financial aid office and request that a consortium agreement be sent to the USF
School of Law financial aid administrator. Once the consortium agreement is received, the law school financial aid
administrator will certify the amount of funding needed for the designated USF program. It is the visiting student's
home school who will determine exactly what type of aid and how much aid will be available to their respective student.
If financial aid is available, it is the visiting student's responsibility to insure that their home school submits the
appropriate tuition billing payment to the USF Student Accounts Office by the appropriate deadline. Visiting students
are solely responsible for all tuition billing charges. Late charges may be assessed to those visiting students who do
not pay their summer tuition bill by the appropriate due date. In order to meet the appropriate tuition deadline,
consortium agreements should be sent to the USF School of Law Office of Financial Aid as soon as possible. Site Footer
2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-6307 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is
external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Careers at USF
Contact Us Directory News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Bookstore Course Catalog Library Apply Give to USF Visit
Title: Don Reid Sogang University Scholarship | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/center-for-asia-pacific-studies/fellowships/don-reid-sogang-scholarship 
 Don Reid Sogang University Scholarship | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term
Search: Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu
Link) Students Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots
Agents for Change Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San
Francisco's University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus
Downtown San Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President &
Leadership Board of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics
Learn to Create Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs
Dual Degree Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support
Undergraduate Research Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions
Advising Graduate & Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates
Executive Education The San Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of
Arts & Sciences School of Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries
Admission & Aid Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates &
Deadlines Meet Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources
International Graduate Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price
Calculator Types of Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty &
Student Research Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies
Center for Teaching Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for
Catholic Social Thought & the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good
Innovation Labs Star Route Farms Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City
The Campus Experience Arts & Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student
Activities Student Employment Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing
Dining on Campus Career Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events CENTER FOR ASIA PACIFIC
Pacific Studies Fellowships and Awards Don Reid Sogang University Scholarship The USF Center for Asia Pacific Studies
is excited to announce the call for applications for the inaugural cohort of The Don Reid Sogang University
Scholarship. Center for Asia Pacific Studies About the Center Asia Pacific Perspectives Asia Pacific Perspectives
Publish with Us Staff & Faculty Fellowships and Awards Fellowships and Awards Asian Studies Merit Fellowship Bridging
the Pacific Essay Contest Don Reid Sogang University Scholarship Asia Bridge Fellowships 2nd Year Merit Fellowships
Summer Stipend Postdoctoral Fellowship Kiriyama Professor Visiting Scholars Advisory Committee Email Sign Up Subscribe
Antonio Gomez '25 International Studies Major Immerse Yourself in Asia Pacific From thorough and immersive tellings of
Korean history to unique opportunities to engage with interdisciplinary studies, a summer at Sogang University gave me
a new perspective to consider the Asia Pacific." Antonio Gomez '25 International Studies Major The Don Reid Scholarship
will send up to 4 current USF students from the College of Arts and Sciences to Seoul, South Korea to participate in
International Summer Program is a four-week program designed for students who want to improve their conversational
Korean skills and knowledge of Korean culture and history. This merit-based scholarship will award successful
economy class airfare to Seoul (up to $1500 max) Ground Transportation (to and from airport in Seoul) Lodging in Sogang
international health insurance for the duration of the program Yan Chen '27 Psychology Major Experience Seoul to its
Fullest We were given every opportunity to experience Seoul to its fullest, whether it was through language learning,
immersive trips, or afternoons with new friends. From trips to historic sites like Gyeongbokgung Palace to an afternoon
at Everland amusement park, we never had a dull moment in Korea." Yan Chen '27 Psychology Major Eligibility To apply,
students must be currently enrolled in the College of Arts and Sciences as: Undergraduate Students: Rising sophomores,
juniors, and seniors for the fall 2024 semester Graduate Students: 2nd-year students for the fall 2024 semester
Scholarship Requirements Scholarship Awards are contingent upon students being accepted into the Sogang International
Summer Program Students are required to take 2 courses at Sogang Important Dates and Deadlines Program Dates: July 1st
- Jul 26, 2024 Scholarship Application Deadline: Feb. 26, 2024 at 12pm Faculty Recommendation Form Deadline: Feb. 26,
2024 In-person interviews: Early March Scholarship Awards Announced: March 11, 2024 Sogang International Summer Program
Application Deadline: by March 18th (Space is limited so students are encouraged to apply earlier if possible. Note
are encouraged to apply before this date, ideally by the last week of March) To Apply Complete the Don Reid Sogang
centerasiapacific@usfca.edu by Monday, February 26, 2024 at 5pm: A current transcript from USF (unofficial copies are
acceptable) A list of any courses currently in progress Elizabeth Strout '25 English Major Explore Different
Perspectives Through the Don Reid Scholarship, I had the opportunity to visit Asia and study abroad for the first time.
In a fresh linguistic and cultural context, I learned new perspectives that nurtured a deeper understanding of my world
and self." Elizabeth Strout '25 English Major Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San
Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link
is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News &
Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety
University of San Francisco
Title: Scholarships & Aid - Teaching English to Speakers of Other Languages, MA | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/education/programs/masters/tesol/scholarships-aid 
 Scholarships & Aid - Teaching English to Speakers of Other Languages, MA | University of San Francisco Skip to Content
Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Visit usfca.edu Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit
Athletics Alumni Giving Our Difference Our Vision Our People Leadership Our Faculty Locations Sacramento Santa Rosa
South Bay East Bay School News Our Programs Master's Programs Doctoral Programs Certificates Academic Support Research
& Centers CalEPIC Consortium Center for Humanizing Education and Research About Us Events Faculty College Access
Programs Educational Talent Search Resources McGrath Institute for Jesuit Catholic Education Scholarships USF Community
Mental Health Clinic School Life Community Engagement & Activism Graduate Housing Organizations & Activities Student
Ambassadors Student Events Student Services Admission & Aid Application Requirements Deadlines Events & Fairs CBEST &
CSET Resources Immunization Requirements Teaching Weekends DACA & Undocumented Students International Students
Frequently Asked Questions Financial Resources Teaching English to Speakers of Other Languages, MA Scholarships & Aid
Scholarships & Aid Teaching English to Speakers of Other Languages, MA Teaching English to Speakers of Other Languages,
MA Program Overview TESOL Certificate Faculty Careers Scholarships & Aid How to Apply Request Info Apply Now REQUEST
APPLY Federal financial aid, state, and university resources are available as funding to newly admitted and current USF
School of Education students. In order to offset the cost of graduate education tuition, many School of Education
courses are offered in the late afternoon and evening, and/or on alternating weekends. Most students find they can
your program requires you to spend time in a classroom (e.g. student teaching) or to complete a fieldwork or
traineeship experience, such commitments will interfere with a normal workday. Please consult your intended program of
study for more information. Tuition Rates USF Resources The following scholarships are available to all USF School of
Education master's or doctoral students. Applicants must meet the eligibility requirements outlined in the scholarship
description. Admission Scholarships Accepted students may receive scholarships to cover three to six credits of
tuition* in the first year of their program. All accepted students are automatically considered for these scholarships
funds include endowments from the SOE general scholarship, Oricello, Winberry, Oaks and Yellow Ribbon. Social Justice
Scholarship This scholarship program recognizes and encourages USF School of Education students who are and/or seek to
be transformative change agents in their schools, professions and communities. This scholarship is awarded to any
School of Education graduate student who demonstrates outstanding dedication and vision for equitable conditions in
schools and communities, domestically and internationally. Selected students can receive up to three credits of
tuition.* Eligibility The Social Justice Scholarship is open to applicants enrolled in programs at the Hilltop Campus,
at USF's additional locations, and online. Past recipients of the scholarship are eligible to apply again for future
scholarships, but preference will be given to students that have not yet received the scholarship (and meet the
criteria). Newly admitted students are not eligible for this scholarship. Criteria Student must demonstrate: previous
and/or current experience in community service and engagement commitment to developing partnerships with marginalized
youth, schools and/or communities personal and professional background related to issues of marginalization and social
essay must be received by the following dates to be considered for the corresponding semester Intersession and Spring:
November 30 Summer: March 30 Fall: April 30th * Scholarship funds include endowments from the SOE general scholarship
fund. Graduate Assistantships The School of Education awards a number of Graduate Assistantships each academic year,
allowing students to work with a Faculty Mentor in the areas of research, teaching or professional development.
Selected students will be paid an hourly rate for up to 200 hours per fiscal year (hours must be utilized by May 20).*
Criteria School of Education full-time faculty members will select students with whom they will work and supervise on
the approved project or assignment. Students must be admitted to and enrolled in a graduate program in the School of
Education. The proposed project must have a strong mentorship component, so that students are able to strengthen their
research, teaching or professional skills. Application Process School of Education full-time faculty member select
student(s) with whom they will work Faculty Mentor completes online Faculty Application Student completes online
considered for the corresponding semester Intersession and Spring: November 30 Summer: March 30 Fall: April 30 *
Scholarship funds include endowments from the SOE general scholarship fund. The Conference Presentation Stipend All
currently enrolled master's and doctoral School of Education students are eligible to apply for the Conference
Presentation Stipend to assist in conference expenses. Applications will be reviewed by the applicant's department
chairperson and faculty members. Eligibility Applicants must have been officially accepted to present (e.g. individual
related to their field(s) of study. Special Status students are not eligible to apply. Conditions The Conference
Presentation Stipend: can only be used to cover conference-related costs such as travel/transportation, registration,
accommodations and/or printing/duplicating costs is granted as a reimbursement after all receipts of covered expenses
have been submitted (original receipts must be submitted to the SOE Dean's Office immediately after the conference) can
fund a student for only one conference per term, determined as per the date of the conference (Term 1: January-July /
Term 2: August - December) Amount The Conference Presentation Stipend cannot exceed $200 per term. Application
Interested students should apply as soon as they receive their conference acceptance letter. To apply, fill out the
Conference Presentation Stipend form, available in the SOE Dean's Office and from department Program Assistants.
Contact your Department Program Assistant for more information. Fellowship for African Students The Fellowship for
African Students will provide up to $7,500 for a Kenyan student in any SOE program. Eligible students should contact
the SOE Dean's Office to request an application. Priority consideration will be given to students admitted from Kenya.
If there are no students admitted from Kenya, students from other countries within Africa are eligible to apply. School
of Education Undocumented Student Scholarship The School of Education is pleased to offer financial support to incoming
and current undocumented and DACAmented students enrolled in any School of Education program (Hilltop or regional
campuses). In recognition of the social change efforts that many of our undocumented students are engaged in, the
scholarship responds to the social, cultural and political stressors undocumented and DACAmented students face. Awards
will be given in the amount of up to $5,000 dollars. Application Process Interested applicants must complete the online
application for the School of Education Scholarship for Undocumented Students. Applications will be reviewed on a
continuous basis. Our committee seeks to make decisions within four weeks after application is submitted. Your
application will be reviewed by a group of School of Education faculty and staff dedicated to supporting undocumented
and DACAmented students. Your application will be handled with the utmost care and confidentiality. If you have any
questions about the application, please contact Amy Fogliani, Director, Admission, Communication, and Outreach, at
afogliani@usfca.edu. Eligibility Requirements Undocumented or DACAmented student Incoming or current student in any
School of Education program (Hilltop or regional campuses) Candidates with financial need will be prioritized, but all
will be considered Priority will be given to applicants who are actively engaged in education advocacy, immigrant
rights, or other work related to supporting undocumented students Site Footer 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA
94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external)
Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Careers at USF Contact Us Directory News & Media
Academics Academic Calendar Bookstore Course Catalog Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title
of San Francisco
Title: Scholarship for Spanish Speakers Offers Sport Management Experience | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/news/scholarship-spanish-speakers-offers-sport-management-experience 
 Scholarship for Spanish Speakers Offers Sport Management Experience | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu
Search Enter a Search Term Search: Visit usfca.edu Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics
Alumni Giving Our Difference Mission & Vision Our Leadership Our Faculty School News Our Programs Undergraduate
Programs Graduate Programs Professional Certificates Research & Creative Achievement Centers & Institutes Undergraduate
Teacher Education Center Autonomous Vehicles & the City Initiative Facilities & Labs Innovation Hive Writing for a Real
World School Life Undergraduate Experience Graduate Experience Events Critical Diversity Studies Forum Global Feminist
Forum Human Rights Film Festival Davies Forum Graduate Admission How to Apply International Students Financial Aid
Dean's Scholarship Tests & Scores Program Contacts Info Sessions & Events Connect with a Current Student Engaged
Learning Scholarship for Spanish Speakers Offers Sport Management Experience by Samantha Bronson March 9, 2022 Two
earn money toward their degrees as well as gain experience in the industry, thanks to a new partnership between the
program and Primetime Sports & Entertainment. Primetime Sports & Entertainment is a Southern California-based sports
marketing and media agency that focuses on the Latino market. This year, two USF students will be selected to each
percent decline among non-Hispanics. For example, in the U.S. the popularity of soccer has grown significantly, with
Latinos fueling that growth. At the same time, we see that across the board the sport industry as a whole lacks both
gender and ethnic representation. This partnership helps provide both financial assistance and professional
Angeles office and at events across the country. Primetime assists with digital and experiential marketing for matches
across the United States. In 2021, Primetime became the first sports agency to produce the first international soccer
to produce 11 soccer matches in the United States, including a record 10 games in four months. The USF partnership
opportunity will create a unique experience for students striving to jump into a sport industry that has an
first-generation students also identify as Hispanic. Both the program and the university aim to provide opportunities
for underrepresented students, Sloper said, and this partnership does exactly that while also addressing a fast-growing
CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is
external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Graduate Admission Careers at USF Contact Us
Directory News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Bookstore Course Catalog Library Campus Campus Safety Maps &
Directions Title IX Virtual Tour Apply Give to USF Visit myUSF Consumer Information Privacy Statement Web Accessibility
Title: Davis Named Associate Dean for Faculty Scholarship | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/news/davis-named-associate-dean-faculty-scholarship 
 Davis Named Associate Dean for Faculty Scholarship | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a
Search Term Search: Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu
Link) (Menu Link) Students Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our
Jesuit Roots Agents for Change Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon
Neutral San Francisco's University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main
Campus Downtown San Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates
President & Leadership Board of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News
Academics Learn to Create Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate
Programs Dual Degree Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support
Undergraduate Research Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions
Advising Graduate & Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates
Executive Education The San Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of
Arts & Sciences School of Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries
Admission & Aid Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates &
Deadlines Meet Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources
International Graduate Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price
Calculator Types of Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty &
Student Research Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies
Center for Teaching Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for
Catholic Social Thought & the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good
Innovation Labs Star Route Farms Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City
The Campus Experience Arts & Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student
Activities Student Employment Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing
Dining on Campus Career Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events Davis Named Associate Dean
for Faculty Scholarship September 8, 2010 Davis is director of the Center for Law and Ethics and teaches Civil
Procedure, Constitutional Theory, Judicial Review, Legal Ethics, the Legal Scholarship Seminar and Remedies. He is also
believe that Professor Davis is particularly well suited to the task having worked hard for years to enhance our
scholarly production and reputation. He has collaborated with others over the past decade to organize various scholarly
events and to reform the law school so it will better support scholarship. He is also a productive scholar in his own
not only as a means to seek the truth, an intrinsically valuable endeavor, but also as a way to contribute to legal
New Associate Dean for Faculty Scholarship Faculty & Staff Achievements Johanna Kalb Appointed Dean of the University
of San Francisco School of Law Effective July 1, 2024 Faculty & Staff Achievements Meet Your Professor: Henriette
Cornet Share Copy Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Email more news Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton
Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external)
LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers
at USF News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour
Campus Safety Title IX Apply Visit Give to USF myUSF Consumer Information Privacy Statement Web Accessibility Copyright
Title: Scholarships & Aid - School Counseling with Credential, MA | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/education/programs/masters/school-counseling/scholarships-aid 
 Scholarships & Aid - School Counseling with Credential, MA | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search
Enter a Search Term Search: Visit usfca.edu Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni
Giving Our Difference Our Vision Our People Leadership Our Faculty Locations Sacramento Santa Rosa South Bay East Bay
School News Our Programs Master's Programs Doctoral Programs Certificates Academic Support Research & Centers CalEPIC
Consortium Center for Humanizing Education and Research About Us Events Faculty College Access Programs Educational
Talent Search Resources McGrath Institute for Jesuit Catholic Education Scholarships USF Community Mental Health Clinic
School Life Community Engagement & Activism Graduate Housing Organizations & Activities Student Ambassadors Student
Events Student Services Admission & Aid Application Requirements Deadlines Events & Fairs CBEST & CSET Resources
Immunization Requirements Teaching Weekends DACA & Undocumented Students International Students Frequently Asked
Programs Master's Programs School Counseling, MA Scholarships & Aid In addition to general School of Education
scholarships, School Counseling students may also be eligible for the following program-specific funding opportunities.
School Counseling with Credential, MA School Counseling with Credential, MA Program Details Fieldwork Experience
Program Learning Outcomes Faculty Students Careers FAQs Scholarships & Aid How to Apply REQUEST INFO APPLY NOW REQUEST
APPLY Social Justice Scholars School counselors have great potential to be transformative change agents who
School Counseling graduate students who demonstrate outstanding dedication and vision for equitable conditions in urban
Dec. 1 Priority Areas: Bilingual and Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, and Transgender (LGBT) issues and concerns are the social
justice priority areas for this funding cycle: Bilingual Priority Area: There are at least 112 languages spoken in the
San Francisco Bay Area. We believe that the bilingual/multilingual school counselors possess important cultural assets
(such as languages spoken) that have the potential to support students, their families, and a successful school
environment. LGBT Priority Area: The purpose of this area is to encourage and advance LGBT scholarship within the field
of school counseling. This award will be given to a School Counseling graduate student with a demonstrated commitment
to LGBT issues within school-based settings. School Counseling Program Class Representatives Two second-year students
will be selected to serve as School Counseling Class Representatives under the Graduate Assistantship funding. The
award is given in the form of an hourly wage during the fall semester of their second year at USF. Students will be
selected based on the following criteria: Class Representatives must demonstrative the following: outstanding
dedication to the School Counseling Program effective leadership qualities creative program development skills strong
commitment to social justice Class Representatives are responsible for working with the Program Coordinator to ensure
program needs are met. Duties may include, but are not limited to, the following: meeting in-person with the Program
Coordinator between one (1) and four (4) hours per week, depending on assignment tasks related to establishing social
justice initiatives organizing student community-building events assisting with first year orientation professional
development events attending program events for faculty and students collecting alumni data information maintaining
social media accounts and SCP board Application Process: Student must submit a SOE Graduate Assistantship Application.
paragraphs clearly outlining ideas for the following academic year: one social justice initiative meant to make an
impact in schools and/or communities a year-long plan to maintain a sense of community among SCP students Application
semester Intersession and Spring: November 30 Summer: March 30 Fall: April 30 Research Scholarship in Ethnic Identity,
Coping & Mental Health Research Assistant to conduct research on topics related to academic development, immigration,
racism, poverty, coping, identity, and mental health among Asian American and Pacific Islander youth and their
families. The award is given in the form of tuition remission of 3 credits during the fall semester of their second
year at USF. Responsibilities include literature searches and summaries, survey development, coding, data collection,
and data entry. Experience in SPSS 19.0 and in conducting literature searches is required. Verbal and written fluency
in an Asian or Pacific Islander language is desired but not required. Research scholars receive an hourly wage for four
research interests and previous experience to Dr. Christine Yeh. Research Scholarship in Social Justice Orientation &
Educational Outcomes An hourly wage is offered to a graduate research assistant in the School Counseling Program for
the fall semester. Areas of research include themes related to social justice orientation development in youths, the
development of critical consciousness of systems of oppression, and transformational resistance. Other themes of
research may include school cultural climate, bilingualism, and other cultural factors associated with the educational
achievement in Latina/o students. Research activities/schedule is four hours/week during the academic year. Research
experience and activities may include, but are not limited to, literature searches, summarizing articles, organization
of research information, writing, transcribing and coding qualitative data, quantitative data entry and analysis using
research interests and/or experience. Applications are due by the end of the spring semester and should be submitted to
external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is
external) Connect Careers at USF Contact Us Directory News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Bookstore Course Catalog
Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Give to USF Visit myUSF Consumer Information
Title: Financing Your Education - Family Nurse Practitioner, DNP | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/nursing/programs/graduate/family-nurse-practitioner/financing-your-education 
 Financing Your Education - Family Nurse Practitioner, DNP | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search
Enter a Search Term Search: Visit usfca.edu Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni
Giving Our Difference Mission, Vision & Values Our People Our Leadership Our Faculty Alumni San Francisco Advantage
Accreditation News Offices & Services Employment 70 Years Anniversary 70 Stories of Impact Our History & Sisters of
Mercy Our Programs Undergraduate Programs Nursing, BSN Public Health, BS Graduate Programs Clinical Psychology, PsyD
Family Nurse Practitioner, DNP Nursing, MSN Psychiatric Mental Health Nurse Practitioner, DNP Public Health, MPH Health
Systems Leadership, DNP Engagement & Impact Simulation Center & Clinical Skills Lab Clinical Skills Lab Simulation
Center Service Abroad & Immersion Programs Preceptor Program School Life Events Crawford Lecture Organizations &
Activities Admission & Aid Application Deadlines Financing Your Education International Students Request Information
Health Professions Our Programs Graduate Programs Family Nurse Practitioner, DNP A graduate education is a significant
investment in your future. The School of Nursing and Health Professions (SONHP) is proud to offer a variety of ways to
assist in funding your education. Family Nurse Practitioner, DNP Family Nurse Practitioner, DNP Program Overview Family
Nurse Practitioner (BSN/RN), DNP Family Nurse Practitioner (MSN/RN), DNP Dual Degree, MPH/DNP Certificate Faculty
Financing Your Education Admission FAQs Request Info Apply Now REQUEST APPLY VISIT The first step in applying for
financial aid at USF is to submit your Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA). There is no FAFSA deadline for
graduate students, but students are encouraged to start the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) as early
as possible. The FAFSA code for the University of San Francisco (USF) is 001325. All USF financial aid awards and
scholarships will require the completion of a FAFSA. Please refer to the Graduate Financial Aid page for details. In
scholarships are awarded on the basis of financial need, which will be determined by the completion of a Scholarship
Application at the time of application to a graduate program or by a continuing student's completion during the Fall of
each academic year. A limited number of scholarships will also be awarded on the basis of merit. The following
information describes funding resources that may be useful to your graduate studies. Estimated Costs Please note that
tuition rates and fees are subject to change and more information can be found about tuition and graduate student fees
on the university tuition and fees schedule. In addition to tuition, there are fees for graduate students, including
Financial Need and Merit This scholarship provides multi-semester awards for students in SONHP graduate programs who
demonstrate outstanding experience or potential in the following areas: academics, commitment to social justice and
Scholarship The 1 to 3 Agency Scholarship support students starting the MSN program (Please note: MSN for Registered
Nurses, RN-MSN, only) with their friends and/or colleagues, coming from the same agency/hospital/employer. Three (3)
students must start the program in the same semester and must be associated with one another, personally or
professionally. Each student will receive a $3,000 scholarship, disbursed over six (6) semesters, contingent upon
maintaining a 3.0 or higher GPA. Nurse Practitioners and Communities Together (NPCT) Scholarships These
federally-funded scholarships support DNP students interested in immersive NP primary care and accessible behavioral
health care. The underlying grant is designed to increase the numbers of NPs in rural and medically under-served areas
and strengthen their knowledge and skills in providing culturally competent, evidence-based integrated behavioral
health in primary care using innovative methods (including telehealth). The scholarship funds focus on students from
the Central Valley and northeastern counties of California and students who are committed to working in those areas
after graduation. Awarded funds can range from $2,000 to $20,000. This funding is limited to the next three academic
years. Health Professions Education Foundation (HPEF) Scholarship Established in 1987, the Health Professions Education
Foundation (HPEF) is the state's only nonprofit foundation statutorily created to encourage students from
underrepresented communities to become health professionals and increase access to health providers in medically
underserved areas. Supported by grants, donations, licensing fees, and special funds, the foundation offers scholarship
and loan repayment programs to students and graduates who agree to practice in California's medically underserved
communities. Thanks to its track record of delivering health providers to areas of need, HPEF has garnered
approximately 5,400 award, totaling more than $47 million for allied health, nursing, mental health, and medical
students and recent graduates practicing 56 of California's 58 counties. Graduate Nursing and PsyD in Clinical
Psychology (PsyD) students are eligible. Elissondo Research Scholarship This fund provides up to $300 per student upon
request in support of a professional development opportunity. Yellow Ribbon Program The Yellow Ribbon GI Education
Enhancement Program (Yellow Ribbon Program) is a provision of the Post-9/11 (Chapter 33) that allows veterans to attend
private schools and graduate programs costing more than the state tuition cap. Awards will be made on a first come,
first-served basis. Veteran Enrollment Services Staudenraus Scholarship Students in the Master's Entry - MSN are
eligible to receive funding through this scholarship. First priority goes to students completing clinical rotations at
students in the Master's Entry - MSN program (Please note: Only applicable to the Master's Entry MSN option) for
students interested in nursing leadership roles. Federal Student Loans For U.S. Citizens and Eligible Non-Citizens U.S.
Citizens and U.S. Permanent Residents are eligible for a Federal Stafford Loan of $20,500 for each year of graduate
studies. In addition, the Federal Grad PLUS Loan program covers remaining tuition and living expenses. Apply for FAFSA
Loan Forgiveness Opportunities HRSA Nurse Faculty Loan Program (NFLP) The Nurse Faculty Loan Program (NFLP) is a loan
forgiveness program that prepares and trains qualified nurse educators to fill faculty vacancies and raise the number
of trained nurses entering the workforce. Students can receive up to $35,500 per year in funding for up to 5 years.
This loan program can provide up to 85% loan forgiveness (plus interest thereon) upon completion of up to four years of
full-time employment after graduation from an advanced education nursing degree program. HRSA Nurse Faculty Loan
Program Health Resources and Services Administration (HRSA) Workforce Connector Graduates can use the Health Resources
and Services Administration (HRSA) Workforce Connector to find jobs with loan repayment. HRSA Workforce Connector
Financial Aid for Undocumented Students Although undocumented students do not have legal U.S. immigration status, which
prevents them from receiving state (Cal Grant) and federal (FAFSA) financial aid, USF is committed to supporting all
students regardless of the identities they hold. The School of Nursing and Health Professions has several scholarship
opportunities for applicants that are granted based on need and merit. Candidates are eligible to apply for
scholarships upon submission of their application for admission. Your application will be handled with the utmost
confidentiality and care. For questions regarding the application process, please contact Carolyn Arroyo,
carroyo2@usfca.edu. USF has joined with the Association of Jesuit Colleges and Universities to express their unwavering
support for Undocumented students. If you would like to read the full Association of Jesuit Colleges and Universities
statement please visit the AJCU Presidents' Statement. The list below consists of some internal and external
scholarships and resources such as search databases available to undocumented students: USF Jesuit Community Magis
Endowed Scholarship for Undocumented/DACA Graduate Students - The USF Jesuit community offers scholarships to
undocumented graduate students with a maximum of $1,000 awarded. Paul & Daisy Soros Fellowships for New Americans -
Supports 30 New Americans, immigrants or the children of immigrants, who are pursuing graduate school in the United
States. Each Fellowship supports one to two years of graduate study in any field and in any advanced degree-granting
program in the United States. Manos De Esperanza Scholarship - The Manos de Esperanza organization grants scholarships
to students that have a history of performing public service activities in their communities and who plan on
contributing in the future. Students who demonstrate excellent leadership skills are highly encouraged to apply. MPOWER
Global Citizen Scholarship - For international students or DACA students who are currently enrolled or accepted to
study full-time degree programs at a school MPOWER supports. The scholarship award ranges from $1,000-$3,000.
Additional Resources for Undocumented Students External Scholarships Nurse Corps Scholarship Program - This Nurse Corps
students in exchange for a minimum two-year full-time service commitment at a health care facility with a critical
shortage of nurses. AACN Scholarship - Two scholarships in the amount of $2,500 will be awarded twice yearly to
students pursuing professional nursing degrees. Recovery Village HealthCare Scholarship - Nursing students interested
in substance abuse or mental health may be eligible to receive $1,000. HealthCare Leadership Scholarship - Any student
currently enrolled in a healthcare related undergraduate, graduate or doctorate level program is eligible. Award
amounts up to $1000. AfterCollege Nursing Student Scholarship - This $500 award is open to currently enrolled students
students in a graduate program with the goal of becoming a nurse educator; students completing an RN-to-BSN or
RN-to-MSN program; and those enrolled in an accelerated program. AfterCollege-AACN Scholarship Fund - This scholarship
will be given to students in a graduate program with the goal of becoming a nurse educator, students completing an
RN-to-BSN or RN-to-MSN program; and those enrolled in an accelerated program. One scholarship in the amount of $2,500
will be awarded each quarter. Applications are due by the following deadlines: 3/31*, 6/30*, 9/30*, 12/31*
DiversityNursing Education Award - This $5000 award is available to students enrolled in an accredited School of
Nursing in a professional registered nurse program (baccalaureate, graduate, associate degree or diploma) OR work
Full-Time, Part-Time or Per Diem as a Registered Nurse, LPN, Nurse Practitioner or Nurse Leader/Administrator at a U.S.
based organization. Nursing Map License - An extensive list of over 350 nursing scholarships, grants, and loan
repayment programs. Resources for Undocumented Students The Hispanic Health Professional Student Scholarship E4FC
Hispanic Scholarship Fund HS Finder Scholarship Search Fastweb Scholarship Search MALDEF Scholarship Scholarship A-Z
Tuition & Fees Site Footer 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is
external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is
external) Connect Careers at USF Contact Us Directory News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Bookstore Course Catalog
Library Campus Campus Safety Maps & Directions Title IX Virtual Tour Apply Give to USF Visit myUSF Consumer Information
Title: Financial Aid - College of Arts and Sciences | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/arts-sciences/graduate-admission/financial-aid 
 Financial Aid - College of Arts and Sciences | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search
Term Search: Visit usfca.edu Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Our
Difference Mission & Vision Our Leadership Our Faculty School News Our Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate
Programs Professional Certificates Research & Creative Achievement Centers & Institutes Undergraduate Teacher Education
Center Autonomous Vehicles & the City Initiative Facilities & Labs Innovation Hive Writing for a Real World School Life
Undergraduate Experience Graduate Experience Events Critical Diversity Studies Forum Global Feminist Forum Human Rights
Film Festival Davies Forum Graduate Admission How to Apply International Students Financial Aid Dean's Scholarship
Tests & Scores Program Contacts Info Sessions & Events Connect with a Current Student GRADUATE ADMISSION Financial Aid
Home College of Arts and Sciences Graduate Admission Financial Aid A graduate education is a significant investment in
your future. There are financial aid opportunities available for students. The following information describes funding
resources that may be useful to your graduate studies. Graduate Admission How to Apply International Students Financial
Aid Financial Aid Dean's Scholarship Tests & Scores Program Contacts Info Sessions & Events Connect with a Current
Student Apply Now Request Info Apply Request Federal Student Loans for U.S. Students U.S. citizens and U.S. permanent
residents are eligible for a federal Stafford loan of $20,500 for each year of graduate studies. In addition, the
federal Grad PLUS loan program covers remaining tuition and living expenses. Apply for U.S. federal student loans
(Stafford and Grad Plus) through FAFSA as early as possible. The loan process takes up to 8 weeks. You can accept all,
part or none of the federal loan offered to you. Start Your FAFSA Application There is no FAFSA deadline for graduate
students; FAFSA deadlines apply only to undergraduate students. The FAFSA code for USF is 001325. Students must be
enrolled at least half-time to receive federal student loans. Office of Financial Aid USF Scholarships Each graduate
program in the College of Arts and Sciences offers a limited number of partial scholarships. Program scholarships range
from $1,000 to $15,000. All applicants, U.S. and international, are considered for these scholarships at time of
admission consideration. A separate application is not required. If you receive a scholarship or teaching/research
assistantship, you are notified in your admission letter. The Biology and Chemistry programs offer full-tuition
scholarships to all students. These scholarships do not cover living expenses, books, student health insurance or other
non-tuition expenses. Both programs also offer teaching assistantships for most students which help cover living
expenses. Teaching & Research Assistantships The following programs offer a limited number of assistantships: Applied
Economics Biology Chemistry Computer Science Environmental Management International & Development Economics
International Studies Writing, MFA Yellow Ribbon Program USF participates in the Yellow Ribbon Program for U.S.
veterans. Veteran Affairs determines the number of slots available for each university, and several Yellow Ribbon
awards are available each year for graduate students in the College of Arts and Sciences. Student Employment at USF The
university offers a significant number of student jobs on campus. Both U.S. and international students are eligible for
student employment and can apply for these jobs once enrolled at the university. Student Employment Non-USF Financial
Aid Fellowships and Scholarships for Women American Association of University Women - Awarded to women globally for
study in the US. Chicana/Latina Foundation The Margaret McNamara Memorial Fund - Awarded to women from developing and
middle-income countries. PEO International Peace Scholarship Fund - Awarded to non-U.S. citizens in U.S. graduate
programs. International Students AAUW: International Fellowships for Women Aga Khan Foundation EducationUSA Scholarship
Search EduPass FastWeb Ford Foundation Fulbright Scholarship Program Global Student Loan Corporation (Student Loans)
Institute for Humane Studies International Scholarships Online Institute of International Education International
Student Exchange and Study Abroad Research Center Joint Japan/World Bank Graduate Scholarship Program Rotary
International Scholarships International Student - Region Specific Botswana Government Scholarships - Contact the
Botswana embassy in Washington D.C. at education@botswanaembassy.org or at +1 202 244 4990 (extension 212). Or visit
the Botswana government education site. Colombia: Colfuturo - Scholarship-Loans for Colombian students. Colombia:
ICETEX - Government Loans for Colombian students. Europe: Open Society Foundations - Find scholarships and fellowships.
Germany: DAAD German Academic Exchange Service - Awards for German students. Kazakhstan: Bolashak International
Scholarship - Awards for Kazakh students. Latin America: Organization of American States - Awarded by individual
country. Middle East and North Africa: Soraya Al Salti Scholarship Mexico: Becas EducationUSA - Scholarship listing for
Mexican students. Mexico: COMEXUS - Scholarships for Mexican students. Saudi Arabia Government Scholarships - Visit the
Saudi Arabian Cultural Mission. U.S. Students Access Group Loans Direct Plus Loans Educators for Fair Consideration
(E4FC) - Resource and scholarship list for Undocumented Students FinAid for Native Americans - Resources for Native
Americans Gates Millenium Scholarship - For outstanding students who are African American, American Indian/Alaska
Native, Asian Pacific Islander American and Hispanic American. Awards are announced in March-May for the upcoming fall
enrollment. Scholarships are targeted to these fields: computer science, engineering and sciences. National Science
Foundation Public Service Loan Forgiveness Rotary Scholarships Soros Fellowships for New Americans - First-generation
Americans born in the U.S., Green Card holders, DACA recipients, U.S. refugees/asylees, foreign-born children adopted
by U.S. citizens, naturalized U.S. citizens. Truman Scholarship Foundation Scholarship Listserves Cornell University
FastWeb Northwestern University Scholarships.com Scholarsite UCLA Yale University Return to USF on aDouble Dons
Attendance Site Footer 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is
external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is
external) Connect Graduate Admission Careers at USF Contact Us Directory News & Media Academics Academic Calendar
Bookstore Course Catalog Library Campus Campus Safety Maps & Directions Title IX Virtual Tour Apply Give to USF Visit
Title: Financing Your Education - Professional Communication, MA | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/arts-sciences/programs/graduate/professional-communication/financial-aid 
 Financing Your Education - Professional Communication, MA | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search
Enter a Search Term Search: Visit usfca.edu Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni
Giving Our Difference Mission & Vision Our Leadership Our Faculty School News Our Programs Undergraduate Programs
Graduate Programs Professional Certificates Research & Creative Achievement Centers & Institutes Undergraduate Teacher
Education Center Autonomous Vehicles & the City Initiative Facilities & Labs Innovation Hive Writing for a Real World
School Life Undergraduate Experience Graduate Experience Events Critical Diversity Studies Forum Global Feminist Forum
Human Rights Film Festival Davies Forum Graduate Admission How to Apply International Students Financial Aid Dean's
Scholarship Tests & Scores Program Contacts Info Sessions & Events Connect with a Current Student Professional
Professional Communication, MA Financing Your Education Professional Communication, MA Professional Communication, MA
Program Overview Academic Certificates Faculty Our Students Careers Financing Your Education Contact Us How to Apply
Request Info Apply Now REQUEST APPLY Estimated Tuition The estimated cost of the Master of Arts in Professional
Communication program is $1,660 per unit for the 2024-2025 academic year. Students typically take an average of 16
units in the first academic year and 16 units in the second academic year. A total of 32 units are required for the
degree. Program fees are subject to adjustment annually, and the number of required units may vary based on enrollment
status. Please contact David Ryan (ryand@usfca.edu), academic and administrative director, to discuss the specifics of
the program. Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Scholarships Our program offers a limited number of scholarships to new
students. These program scholarships are merit-based, vary in amount, and cover part of tuition costs. All applicants,
both U.S. and international students, are considered for these scholarships during the admission decision process; a
separate application is not required. If a scholarship is awarded, it will be indicated in the admission letter. Double
Dons Scholarship USF Alumni and current students can be awarded the USF Double Dons Scholarship upon admission. The
scholarship covers 20% of the program tuition, and may not be stacked with other USF scholarship awards. Exceptions may
and for conference travel. Additional benefits include the Dean's Scholar kickoff and reception, connection with other
Dean's Scholars and with leaders across the college, and the chance to serve as program representatives to USF donors
and Development initiatives. To be considered for the $15,000 Dean's Scholarship towards their first year of tuition,
students must apply by the program's priority deadline. Dean's Scholarship Edgar Ibarra Gutierrez Professional
opportunity to enjoy the learning experience and relationship-building that will happen during my time at USF." Edgar
94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external)
Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Graduate Admission Careers at USF Contact Us Directory
News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Bookstore Course Catalog Library Campus Campus Safety Maps & Directions Title
University of San Francisco
Title: Nursing Student Receives Johnson & Johnson Scholarship | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/news/nursing-student-receives-johnson-johnson-scholarship 
 Nursing Student Receives Johnson & Johnson Scholarship | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter
a Search Term Search: Visit usfca.edu Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni
Giving Our Difference Mission, Vision & Values Our People Our Leadership Our Faculty Alumni San Francisco Advantage
Accreditation News Offices & Services Employment 70 Years Anniversary 70 Stories of Impact Our History & Sisters of
Mercy Our Programs Undergraduate Programs Nursing, BSN Public Health, BS Graduate Programs Clinical Psychology, PsyD
Family Nurse Practitioner, DNP Nursing, MSN Psychiatric Mental Health Nurse Practitioner, DNP Public Health, MPH Health
Systems Leadership, DNP Engagement & Impact Simulation Center & Clinical Skills Lab Clinical Skills Lab Simulation
Center Service Abroad & Immersion Programs Preceptor Program School Life Events Crawford Lecture Organizations &
Activities Admission & Aid Application Deadlines Financing Your Education International Students Request Information
Undocumented Students & DACA Equipped to Lead and Succeed Nursing Student Receives Johnson & Johnson Scholarship BS in
tuition on my mom, who is a nurse and pays for my tuition. The least I can do is try to help in any way possible. I've
program here at USF strongly values diversity, equity, and inclusion, and those values are embedded into our learning.
Not only have I learned to care for a patient, but I have also learned how to look at their situation from a holistic
participating in culturally competent care in my clinicals by meeting and interacting with patients from all walks of
life. I also had the privilege to participate in a poverty simulation. I learned how poverty can have major impacts on
personally is diversity and equity. This is one of the reasons why I chose USF. I'm interested in labor and delivery,
and black women have the highest mortality rates in childbirth. I want to learn more about the causes and implement
qualities of a caring and compassionate nurse. She is a very smart, independent learner and is resilient to changes and
clinicals. It's definitely a big learning curve, and finally, I'm at that point where everything's starting to come
together. It's really exciting to start working with a psychosocial perspective. My clinical instructor has helped me
reflect and develop my thought process as a nurse. I have learned to ask, and by asking, you're empowering the client
to tell you what is OK to do within their culture. It's important not to assume. My mom and older sister, who are both
nurses, have always inspired me. I have always wanted to make a positive difference in the world and help people
meaningfully, and pursuing nursing is my way. At USF, you have extra opportunities related to social justice. The
community is from different parts of the world, and you learn to empathize with people from various countries. It is a
very open and safe space. I feel honored and privileged to have been selected for the Johnson & Johnson Scholarship. It
is a reminder that I am heading in the right direction. To future nursing students, I would say not to let fear of
failing ever stop you from applying to the program, the scholarship, or the internship. There will be challenges, but
embrace them with courage and confidence. Nursing school can be hard, and you can doubt yourself. I think we've all
doubted ourselves at one point in nursing school. But just remember, you're here for a reason. Equipped to Lead and
to Lead and Succeed From First-Gen Roots to Nursing Heights Share Copy Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Email more news Site
Footer 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram
(link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Careers at
USF Contact Us Directory News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Bookstore Course Catalog Library Campus Campus Safety
Maps & Directions Title IX Virtual Tour Apply Give to USF Visit myUSF Consumer Information Privacy Statement Web
Title: Scholarships & Aid - Special Education with Credential, MA | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/education/programs/masters/special-education/scholarship-aid 
 Scholarships & Aid - Special Education with Credential, MA | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search
Enter a Search Term Search: Visit usfca.edu Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni
Giving Our Difference Our Vision Our People Leadership Our Faculty Locations Sacramento Santa Rosa South Bay East Bay
School News Our Programs Master's Programs Doctoral Programs Certificates Academic Support Research & Centers CalEPIC
Consortium Center for Humanizing Education and Research About Us Events Faculty College Access Programs Educational
Talent Search Resources McGrath Institute for Jesuit Catholic Education Scholarships USF Community Mental Health Clinic
School Life Community Engagement & Activism Graduate Housing Organizations & Activities Student Ambassadors Student
Events Student Services Admission & Aid Application Requirements Deadlines Events & Fairs CBEST & CSET Resources
Immunization Requirements Teaching Weekends DACA & Undocumented Students International Students Frequently Asked
Programs Master's Programs Special Education with Credential, MA Scholarships & Aid Special Education Interns All
students enrolled in the Special Education MA program are eligible to work full-time in a Bay Area school district and
Ortega in the Department of Learning and Instruction. Special Education with Credential, MA Special Education with
Credential, MA Program Overview Faculty Students Careers Scholarships & Aid How to Apply Request Info Apply Now REQUEST
APPLY The Golden State Teacher Grant program (GSTG) The Golden State Teacher Grant program (GSTG) is for students who
are currently enrolled in a teacher preparation program to earn a preliminary credential in a high need field and
commit to teach at a priority school, in California for four years, within five years after completing a teacher
preparation program. PLEASE NOTE: To apply for the program, please go to https://gstg.csac.ca.gov/. SFUSD Employee
Discount Rate SFUSD Employees entering the Teacher Education or Special Education programs are eligible for a
discounted tuition rate if they meet the following criteria: Candidates are paraprofessionals, emergency-credentialed
teachers, or long-term substitute teachers ,and wish to apply for any of our preliminary teacher credential plus MA
programs (MAT, MATR, UESJ and Special ED) Candidates will continue to be employed as such (or they become interns)
during their enrollment in the USF program, and Candidates plan to teach in SFUSD for at least 3 years thereafter. For
more information, contact schoolofeducation@usfca.edu. TEACH Grant The TEACH Grant provides up to $4,000* per year to
graduate students who are completing coursework needed to begin a career in teaching. In order to be eligible for this
grant a student must: Complete a FAFSA for the current academic year at www.fafsa.ed.gov Download, print & submit a
completed grant form by the priority due date in order to have the TEACH Grant funds reflected on your semester bill:
July 15 for fall semester December 15 for spring semester April 15 for summer semester Note: Deadlines above apply to
continuing students. New students will receive information about applying to the TEACH Grant (and the deadline for new
students) at New Student Orientation. Complete entrance counseling and sign an agreement to serve; Be in the process of
completing coursework and other requirements necessary to begin a career in teaching. Plan to enroll in 3 units or more
per semester Students must not already have a graduate degree Students must ALSO qualify academically in ONE of the
following ways: If the student is a graduate student during the first payment period (a first semester student), s/he
must have a cumulative undergraduate GPA of at least 3.25 on a 4.0 scale, or the numeric equivalent; OR If the student
is a graduate student beyond the first payment period (a continuing student), s/he must have a cumulative graduate GPA
of at least 3.25 on a 4.0 scale, or the numeric equivalent, through the most-recently completed payment period. Within
eight years of completing enrollment in a credential program, TEACH Grant recipients are required to: Teach full-time
for a minimum of four years. Teach as a highly-qualified teacher at an elementary school, secondary school or
educational service agency in a low-income school district, as defined in the Teacher Cancellation Low-Income
Nationwide Listing, in the majority of classes taught during each elementary and secondary academic year. Report the
above information to the Department of Education within 120 days after ceasing enrollment and once a year thereafter.
IMPORTANT: This grant may convert to an unsubsidized loan, including all applicable interest, if the above stated
requirements are not met. Students accepted into the Reading Certificate Program are not eligible for the TEACH Grant.
If you are accepted into, or enrolled in, an eligible program and would like to apply for a TEACH Grant, please
complete the Teach Grant Request Form (grant application) and submit it to your program coordinator listed below by the
and dependent on Federal funding. Catholic Educator Reduced Tuition rate The USF School of Education offers a 40%
reduced CST tuition rate in order to increase the number and diversity of credentialed teachers in Catholic schools.
Eligibility Criteria This tuition rate is available for candidates who are in a teaching credential program or in a
Reading Certificate program, and providing a needed service to Catholic schools. To qualify for the CST tuition rate,
candidates must submit a Recommendation Form from a supervising teacher/staff and/or the principal/head of a Catholic
school that documents how the service provided to that school supports the educational success of underserved groups of
students. All forms, regardless of recommender, must be signed by the principal/head of Catholic school. This reduced
rate is available for students who are providing needed service in one of two ways, namely, as: A paid teacher, teacher
aide, staff, or coach in a Catholic school. Candidates who are regularly employed at a Catholic school are eligible for
the CST tuition rate each semester of concurrent enrollment in teacher training and employment in a Catholic school. A
volunteer making a substantial commitment of time working in a needed role within a Catholic school. To be eligible for
the CST tuition rate, it is expected that the volunteer commitment be at least 3 hours a week of on-site,
school-related work at a Catholic school during each semester of tuition reduction. Candidates must have the volunteer
opportunity secured before the first semester begins and are required to begin the volunteer position before Census
Date of the semester. This allows candidates to have the opportunity to begin volunteering when they begin the program.
Application Process Candidates applying for the CST tuition rate must submit the CST Rate Recommendation Form to the
School of Education, from a supervising teacher/staff and the school principal/head of the school detailing either the
should be sent in advance of candidates starting the program and no later than September 1st for fall, February 1st for
spring, and June 1st for summer sessions. Please note that for candidates who are determining their loan packages with
the USF Financial Aid office we advise you to submit the CST Rate Recommendation Form no later than 10 days before the
start of the semester. The form includes: a statement of the intended work or service the candidate will be doing that
is responsive to needs in the school; the time commitment of work or service that meets minimal expectations (at least
3 hours a week of on-site, school-related work throughout the semester); expected impact work or service will have on
the educational success of underserved groups of students (i.e. student demographics such as racial/ethnic breakdown,
free or reduced lunch, etc.; and rationale for recommending the specific candidate. Deadlines Intercession - January 17
Spring - February 1 Summer - June 1 Fall - September 1 Renewal Process To continue qualifying for the CST tuition rate
in succeeding semesters, candidates must submit a CST Renewal Recommendation Form from a supervising teacher/staff
and/or the principal/head of the Catholic school where they have been working or volunteering recommending continuation
of the tuition rate. The renewal form must verify the work or service and time commitment completed in the previous
students; and a description of the work or service to be done, as well as time commitment (at least 3 hours a week of
on-site, school-related work) for the upcoming semester. The renewal forms should be sent no later than September 1st
for fall, February 1st for spring, and June 1st for summer sessions. Bills for the upcoming semester will show the CST
discounted tuition rate. If, by the deadlines posted above, candidates have not submitted a CST Renewal Form, they will
be billed at the full tuition rate. All forms for the Catholic Educator Reduced Tuition Rate should be submitted to CST
Rate Recommendations & Renewals. Please direct any questions regarding the process to: Quyen Tran, Project Manager for
Academic Affairs at cstrate@usfca.edu or 415-422-2081. State Resources and Federal Resources The following programs are
administered by various agencies in the State of California and around the United States. Please consult each program's
website for further information. Cal Grant Program If you are currently an undergraduate student with a Cal Grant A or
B and plan to enroll in a teacher credential program, you may be eligible to renew your Cal Grant award for an
additional year. The additional year of payment is provided to students who are seeking an initial teaching credential
and cannot be used for other graduate level courses of study. Perkins Loan Forgiveness You qualify for cancellation
(discharge) of up to 100 percent of a Federal Perkins Loan if: you have served full-time in a public or nonprofit
elementary or secondary school system as a teacher in a school serving students from low-income families; or you are a
special-education teacher, including teachers of infants, toddlers, children, or youth with disabilities; or you are a
teacher in the fields of mathematics, science, foreign languages, or bilingual education, or in any other field of
expertise determined by a state education agency to have a shortage of qualified teachers in that state. Stafford Loan
Forgiveness Program for Teachers The Teacher Loan Forgiveness program is intended to encourage individuals to enter and
continue in the teaching profession. Under this program, individuals who teach full-time for five consecutive, complete
academic years in certain elementary and secondary schools that serve low-income families and meet other qualifications
may be eligible for forgiveness of up to a combined total of $17,500 in principal and interest on their Federal Family
Education Loan and/or Direct Loan program loans. Teach Grant The TEACH Grant provides up to $4,000 per year to graduate
students who are completing course work needed to begin a career in teaching. Site Footer 2130 Fulton Street San
Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link
is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Careers at USF Contact Us Directory News &
Media Academics Academic Calendar Bookstore Course Catalog Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety
University of San Francisco
Title: Financing Your Education - Chemistry, MS | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/arts-sciences/programs/graduate/chemistry/financial-aid 
 Financing Your Education - Chemistry, MS | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term
Search: Visit usfca.edu Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Our
Difference Mission & Vision Our Leadership Our Faculty School News Our Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate
Programs Professional Certificates Research & Creative Achievement Centers & Institutes Undergraduate Teacher Education
Center Autonomous Vehicles & the City Initiative Facilities & Labs Innovation Hive Writing for a Real World School Life
Undergraduate Experience Graduate Experience Events Critical Diversity Studies Forum Global Feminist Forum Human Rights
Film Festival Davies Forum Graduate Admission How to Apply International Students Financial Aid Dean's Scholarship
Tests & Scores Program Contacts Info Sessions & Events Connect with a Current Student Chemistry, MS Financing Your
Chemistry, MS Chemistry, MS Program Overview Faculty Student Research Instrumentation Careers Financing Your Education
Contact Us How to Apply REQUEST INFO APPLY NOW REQUEST APPLY Estimated Tuition The estimated cost of the Chemistry
program is $1,660 per unit for the 2024-2025 academic year, with a minimum of 6 units required to be completed each
academic year. Students typically take an average of 12 units in the first academic year and 12 units in the second
academic year. A total of 24 units are required for the degree. Admitted students receive tuition scholarships that
cover the full cost of tuition for this program. Program fees are subject to adjustment annually, and the number of
required units may vary based on enrollment status. Please contact Michael Stevenson to discuss the specifics of the
program. Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Scholarships Students admitted to the Master of Science in Chemistry program
receive generous financial assistance from the Department of Chemistry. All admitted students receive a full-tuition
scholarship for their graduate studies. Teaching and Research Assistantships Most graduate students are also awarded a
teaching assistantship of approximately $8,000 per year. All applicants admitted to the program, both U.S. and
international students, are considered for teaching assistantships when the admission applications are reviewed. There
is no separate application for this financial assistance. Summer Research Fellowships Whitehead Summer Research
Fellowship The Whitehead Summer Research Fellowship program supports USF student research in chemistry, biochemistry,
and biology. Awardees receive $10,000 towards a summer stipend, reagents, and conference travel. The Ron Najafi Emery
Pharma Innovations and Entrepreneurship Award in Chemistry The Ron Najafi Emery Pharma (emerypharma.com) Innovations
and Entrepreneurship Award in Chemistry supports students who demonstrate potential to excel in the areas of innovation
and creativity which underlie entrepreneurship and technological progress in the chemical sciences. Awardees receive
$2,000 towards a summer stipend. Chemistry Department The Chemistry Department Summer Research Fellowships supporting
students conducting research in USF chemistry department research groups. Awardees receive $2,000 towards a summer
stipend. Site Footer 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external)
Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect
Graduate Admission Careers at USF Contact Us Directory News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Bookstore Course
Catalog Library Campus Campus Safety Maps & Directions Title IX Virtual Tour Apply Give to USF Visit myUSF Consumer
Title: Financing Your Education - Public Leadership, MA | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/arts-sciences/programs/graduate/public-leadership/financial-aid 
 Financing Your Education - Public Leadership, MA | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a
Search Term Search: Visit usfca.edu Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving
Our Difference Mission & Vision Our Leadership Our Faculty School News Our Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate
Programs Professional Certificates Research & Creative Achievement Centers & Institutes Undergraduate Teacher Education
Center Autonomous Vehicles & the City Initiative Facilities & Labs Innovation Hive Writing for a Real World School Life
Undergraduate Experience Graduate Experience Events Critical Diversity Studies Forum Global Feminist Forum Human Rights
Film Festival Davies Forum Graduate Admission How to Apply International Students Financial Aid Dean's Scholarship
Tests & Scores Program Contacts Info Sessions & Events Connect with a Current Student Public Leadership, MA Financing
Education We are committed to helping our alumni begin their public leadership careers with minimal student debt.
Public Leadership, MA Public Leadership, MA Program Overview Faculty & Staff Newmark Fellows Financing Your Education
Contact Us How to Apply Request Info Apply Now REQUEST APPLY Estimated Tuition The estimated cost of the MA in Public
Leadership program is $1,660 per unit for the 2024-2025 academic year. A total of 32 units are required for the degree.
The accelerated MA in Public Leadership program has an expected 32 units to be completed in the academic year. The
full-time MA in Public Leadership program has a minimum of 12 units required to be completed each academic year.
Students typically take an average of 18 units in the first academic year of the year-round program and 14 units in the
second academic year. The number of required units each year may vary based on enrollment status. Program fees are
subject to adjustment annually and tuition does not include travel expenses for the in-person intersession weekends.
Please contact Madeline Meininger to discuss the specifics of the program. Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Scholarship
Opportunities Public Leadership Scholarship We award a limited number of merit-based scholarships to incoming students.
These scholarships do not require a separate application; all applicants are considered during the admission decision
process. Newmark Fellows Since the inaugural cohort started the program in 2018, more than three dozen students have
received support through the Newmark Fellowship program, made possible by the generous support of the Craig Newmark
Foundation. Each of these students are veterans or military family members with a proven track record of service who
are seeking to continue that service in their communities. All applicants for the MA in Public Leadership program who
meet the service criteria are automatically considered for the Newmark Fellowship. Meet the Newmark Fellows Double Dons
Scholarship USF Alumni and current students can be awarded the USF Double Dons Scholarship upon admission. The
scholarship covers 20% of the program tuition, and may not be stacked with other USF scholarship awards. Exceptions may
apply. Learn More Utilize Veteran Education Benefits Qualified veterans can receive full tuition reimbursement through
a combination of G.I. Bill and Yellow Ribbon Program funding.* * Based on current Post-9/11 (Ch. 33), Yellow Ribbon
Program, and USF Tuition levels, which are subject to change. Learn More Site Footer 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco,
CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is
external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Graduate Admission Careers at USF Contact Us
Directory News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Bookstore Course Catalog Library Campus Campus Safety Maps &
Directions Title IX Virtual Tour Apply Give to USF Visit myUSF Consumer Information Privacy Statement Web Accessibility
Title: Financing Your Education - School of Nursing and Health Professions | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/nursing/admission-aid/financing-your-education 
 Financing Your Education - School of Nursing and Health Professions | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu
Search Enter a Search Term Search: Visit usfca.edu Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics
Alumni Giving Our Difference Mission, Vision & Values Our People Our Leadership Our Faculty Alumni San Francisco
Advantage Accreditation News Offices & Services Employment 70 Years Anniversary 70 Stories of Impact Our History &
Sisters of Mercy Our Programs Undergraduate Programs Nursing, BSN Public Health, BS Graduate Programs Clinical
Psychology, PsyD Family Nurse Practitioner, DNP Nursing, MSN Psychiatric Mental Health Nurse Practitioner, DNP Public
Health, MPH Health Systems Leadership, DNP Engagement & Impact Simulation Center & Clinical Skills Lab Clinical Skills
Lab Simulation Center Service Abroad & Immersion Programs Preceptor Program School Life Events Crawford Lecture
Organizations & Activities Admission & Aid Application Deadlines Financing Your Education International Students
Request Information Undocumented Students & DACA ADMISSIONS Financing Your Education Home School of Nursing and Health
Professions Admission & Aid Financing Your Education A graduate education is a significant investment in your future.
The School of Nursing and Health Professions (SONHP) is proud to offer a variety of ways to assist in funding your
education. The first step in applying for financial aid at USF is to submit your Free Application for Federal Student
Aid (FAFSA). There is no FAFSA deadline for graduate students but students are encouraged to start the Free Application
for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) as early as possible. The FAFSA code for the University of San Francisco (USF) is
001325. APPLY FOR FAFSA All USF financial aid awards and scholarships will require the completion of a FAFSA. Please
Professions offers a number of scholarships and funding options. Most scholarships are awarded on the basis of
financial need which will be determined by the completion of a Scholarship Application at the time of application to a
graduate program or by a continuing student's completion during the Fall of each academic year. A limited number of
scholarships will also be awarded on the basis of merit. The following information describes funding resources that may
be useful to your graduate studies. School of Nursing & Health Professions Scholarships Applicants need to apply by the
This scholarship provides multi-semester awards for students in SONHP graduate programs who demonstrate outstanding
experience or potential in the following areas: academics, commitment to social justice and community service, and
leadership. Scholarships can range from $2000-$4000 in the first year. Social Justice Scholarship - The Social Justice
Scholarship is awarded to a limited number of outstanding MPH program applicants committed to public health as social
justice and the ethical goal of protecting the health of the public. This one-time award will be applied towards the
admission decision process. Elissondo Research Scholarship - This fund provides up to $300 per student upon request in
support of a professional development opportunity. Yellow Ribbon Program - The Yellow Ribbon GI Education Enhancement
Program (Yellow Ribbon Program) is a provision of the Post-9/11 (Chapter 33) that allows veterans to attend private
schools and graduate programs costing more than the state tuition cap. The Yellow Ribbon program will cover all SONHP
graduate programs. Awards will be made on a first come, first-served basis.VISIT VETERAN AFFAIRS International Student
Aid - International students are eligible for the Health Professions International Student Scholarship. Awarded funds
can range from $2,000-$5,000. Return to USF on aDouble Dons Scholarship Continue your USF journey in one of our
Non-Citizens U.S. Citizens and U.S. Permanent Residents are eligible for a Federal Stafford Loan of $20,500 for each
year of graduate studies. In addition, the Federal Grad PLUS Loan program covers remaining tuition and living expenses.
Apply for U.S. federal student loans (Stafford and Grad Plus) at FAFSA. Start your Free Application for Federal Student
Aid (FAFSA) as early as possible. The loan process takes up to 8 weeks. You can accept all, part, or none of the
federal loan offered to you. There is no FAFSA deadline for graduate students. The FAFSA code for the University of San
Francisco (USF) is 001325. FAFSA - APPLY NOW VIEW CURRENT INTEREST RATES Financial Aid for Undocumented Students
Although undocumented students do not have legal U.S. immigration status, which prevents them from receiving state (Cal
Grant) and federal (FAFSA) financial aid, USF is committed to supporting all students regardless of the identities they
hold. The School of Nursing and Health Professions has several scholarship opportunities for applicants that are
granted based on need and merit. Candidates are eligible to apply for scholarships upon submission of their application
for admission. Your application will be handled with the utmost confidentiality and care. For questions regarding the
application process, please contact Patrik Donahue, at pdonahue@usfca.edu. USF has joined with the Association of
Jesuit Colleges and Universities to express their unwavering support for Undocumented students. If you would like to
read the full Association of Jesuit Colleges and Universities statement please visit the following link: AJCU
President's Statement. The list below consists of some internal and external scholarships and resources such as search
databases available to undocumented students: USF Jesuit Community Magis Endowed Scholarship for Undocumented/DACA
Graduate Students - The USF Jesuit community offers scholarships to undocumented graduate students with a maximum of
$1,000 awarded. Deadline: Rolling Paul & Daisy Soros Fellowships for New Americans - Supports 30 New Americans,
immigrants or the children of immigrants, who are pursuing graduate school in the United States. Each Fellowship
supports one to two years of graduate study in any field and in any advanced degree-granting program in the United
States. Deadline: 10/29/20 Manos De Esperanza Scholarship - The Manos de Esperanza organization grants scholarships to
students that have a history of performing public service activities in their communities and who plan on contributing
in the future. Students who demonstrate excellent leadership skills are highly encouraged to apply. Deadline: 6/30/20
MPOWER Global Citizen Scholarship - For international students or DACA students who are currently enrolled or accepted
to study full-time degree programs at a school MPOWER supports. The scholarship award ranges from $1,000-$3,000.
Deadline: December 31, 2020 ADDITIONAL RESOURCES FOR UNDOCUMENTED STUDENTS External Scholarship Opportunities and
Financial Resources Public Health Grants and Scholarships: A list of scholarships for current and prospective graduate
students in Public Health SOPHE Student Member Fellowships and Awards: The Society of Public Health Education offers a
variety of awards, fellowships, and scholarships to students. This site has a list of all funding opportunities and
detailed information unique to each award. Lynn Adamson Memorial Scholarship (Graduate Level): The Women Health Care
Executives (WHCE) awards this scholarship to a female graduate student dedicated to a health related career. This award
is based solely on merit, and is worth $5,000 in addition to a one-year complimentary WHCE membership. National Health
Services Corp: The National Health Service Corps Scholarship Program (NHSC SP) awards scholarships to students pursuing
eligible primary care health professions training who in return, can commit to provide primary care, or mental health
services in Health Professional Shortage Areas (HPSAs). The total number of years you serve will depend on the number
of school years of NHSC SP support you received. (This cannot exceed four school years.) Gates Millennium Scholarship
Program: This program is intended for academically outstanding minority students with significant financial need, with
a purpose of increasing representation of these target groups in computer science, education, engineering, library
science, mathematics, public health, and the sciences, among disciples where these groups are underrepresented. P.E.O
International Peace Scholarship (ISP): This need-based scholarship was established in 1949, and is available to
needs. Erin Aaberg Givans Memorial Scholarship: This scholarship is available to students pursuing an MPH at a
California University, with interest in pediatric health policy and access to quality health care for children and
youth. The foundation is Sacramento based. Apply for the scholarship here. Chicana Latina Foundation: Merit-based
scholarships are awarded to 30-40 powerful Chicana/Latina students each year. This scholarship is designated for
undergraduate or graduate students who are residents of several Northern California counties. Hispanic Health
Professional Student Scholarship: The 2019 National Hispanic Health Professional Scholarship is open to any student
enrolled full time in health professional programs, including, Public Health/policy and Nursing. Applicants are not
required to be Hispanic; an affinity for the health of Hispanic communities and an interest in participating in NHHF
Scholars Alumni activities is required. In addition, U.S citizens, permanent residents, or Deferred Action for
Childhood Arrivals (DACA) are eligible to apply. PixelPlex Bi-Annual STEM Scholarship: This scholarship was established
to help support and inspire students to pursue further education in the fields of science, technology, engineering and
math (STEM), as well as economics and business. One student will be chosen from the applicant pool and will be awarded
based on the strength of their written essay. The selected student will receive 2,000 USD to help cover
education-related expenses. Healthcare Leadership Scholarship: Healthgrad.com offers annual Healthcare Leadership
Scholarships for deserving students pursuing a degree in healthcare. This merit-based scholarship is awarded in the
Spring, and designated for any student currently enrolled in a healthcare related undergraduate, graduate, or Doctoral
program. Barbara B. Watson National Scholarship: The American College of Medical Practice Executives (ACMPE)
scholarship fund supports individuals who hold a current position or have future career plans that will demonstrate
student member of MGMA and must be enrolled in an undergraduate or graduate degree program relevant to medical practice
management, including public health, business administration, healthcare administration and other related areas.
Central California Asian Pacific Women Scholarship: These scholarships provide financial assistance to Asian and
Pacific Islander (API) women pursuing higher education from the following counties: Fresno, Kern, Kings, Madera,
Merced, San Joaquin, Stanislaus, or Tulare County. Applicants will be evaluated based on the following priorities but
not limited to: First-generation student, academic achievement, leadership, contribution to the API community, and
ethnic diversity. Applicants must be an entering/continuing undergraduate, entering/continuing graduate, or re-entry
student in a post-secondary educational institution (i.e. vocational programs, trade school, college, university,
etc.). Resources for Undocumented Students The Hispanic Health Professional Student Scholarship E4FC Hispanic
Scholarship Fund HS Finder Scholarship Search Fastweb Scholarship Search MALDEF Scholarship Salef Scholarship WACAC
subject to change and more information can be found about tuition and graduate student fees on the university tuition
and fees schedule. In addition to tuition, there are fees for graduate students, including mandatory health insurance
and Associate Graduate Students of USF (AGSUSF) annually. USF Financial Services At USF, we are dedicated to helping
admitted students through the financial aid process and helping find the best solution for you, your situation, and
your needs. We understand the financial aid process can be daunting for many students and families, so we strive to
make it as smooth as possible. If you can't find what you're looking for, please Contact Financial Services for
assistance. Site Footer 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is
external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is
external) Connect Careers at USF Contact Us Directory News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Bookstore Course Catalog
Library Campus Campus Safety Maps & Directions Title IX Virtual Tour Apply Give to USF Visit myUSF Consumer Information
Title: Graduate Financial Aid - Financial Aid & Cost | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/financial-aid/graduate 
 Graduate Financial Aid - Financial Aid & Cost | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search
Term Search: Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link)
(Menu Link) Students Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit
Roots Agents for Change Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral
San Francisco's University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus
Downtown San Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President &
Leadership Board of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics
Learn to Create Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs
Dual Degree Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support
Undergraduate Research Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions
Advising Graduate & Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates
Executive Education The San Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of
Arts & Sciences School of Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries
Admission & Aid Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates &
Deadlines Meet Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources
International Graduate Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price
Calculator Types of Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty &
Student Research Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies
Center for Teaching Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for
Catholic Social Thought & the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good
Innovation Labs Star Route Farms Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City
The Campus Experience Arts & Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student
Activities Student Employment Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing
Dining on Campus Career Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events FINANCIAL AID & COST Graduate
Financial Aid Home Admission & Aid Financial Aid & Cost Graduate Financial Aid Apply for Graduate Financial Aid Learn
about the different financial aid options for graduate students. Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate
Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Cost of Attendance Undergraduate Costs Graduate Costs Net Price Calculator Types of
Aid Types of Aid Federal & State Grants Federal Work-Study Loans Scholarships Scholarships Scholarships for Transfer
Scholarships vary by school and program. Start here for basic financial aid information, and be sure to contact your
individual school or program for the most updated information. School of Education School of Management School of Law
College of Arts & Sciences School of Nursing & Health Professions Return to USF on aDouble Dons Scholarship Continue
students can apply for federal student loans by completing the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA). Use
October 1 each year. We highly recommend submitting your FAFSA by March 1 to receive a timely financial aid offer.
applying for aid! The sooner you complete your application, the sooner we can prepare an offer for you. Start your
FAFSA Private Loans If you have exhausted all federal aid, scholarship, and grant options, you could consider applying
for a private student or parent loan to cover the remaining cost of attendance. These loans are often based on your
credit score. International Students: See the "Private Loans for International Students" section on our Private Loans
page. Private loans Outside Scholarships Search for additional scholarships offered by other organizations. You may
find scholarships that match your background, major, and career aspirations. International Students: Visit Edupass,
International Scholarships, or MPower for scholarship opportunities for international students. Outside scholarships
Office of Financial Aid Main Campus financialaid@usfca.edu (415) 422-3387 Lone Mountain Main 2032800 Turk Blvd.San
Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external)
Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect
Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus
Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Visit Give to USF myUSF Consumer Information Privacy
Title: For 35 Years, This Gift Has Transformed Lives | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/news/35-years-gift-has-transformed-lives 
 For 35 Years, This Gift Has Transformed Lives | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search
Term Search: Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link)
(Menu Link) Students Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit
Roots Agents for Change Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral
San Francisco's University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus
Downtown San Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President &
Leadership Board of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics
Learn to Create Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs
Dual Degree Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support
Undergraduate Research Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions
Advising Graduate & Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates
Executive Education The San Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of
Arts & Sciences School of Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries
Admission & Aid Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates &
Deadlines Meet Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources
International Graduate Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price
Calculator Types of Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty &
Student Research Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies
Center for Teaching Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for
Catholic Social Thought & the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good
Innovation Labs Star Route Farms Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City
The Campus Experience Arts & Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student
Activities Student Employment Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing
Dining on Campus Career Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events Giving For 35 Years, This
Gift Has Transformed Lives by Mary McInerney, Office of Development Communications November 17, 2016 Six years ago,
Angela Cheda was accepted to the MBA program at USF. And yet, she wondered: Did I make the right decision, leaving my
marketing career to go back to school? She had moved home with her parents to start graduate school, and she was out
from USF. The message said the dean had selected her to receive a $10,000 scholarship, the Cassou-Shan Scholarship for
is a marketing manager at Blue Shield in San Francisco. An internship there after her first year in the MBA program
turned into a full-time job. For more than three decades, the Cassou-Shan Scholarship has supported MBA students at
USF. Today, the scholarship has a new donor who has pledged a $1 million match challenge to continue building the
endowment for future generations of students in the School of Management. The story behind the scholarship has been
of the scholarship felt, too, at a pivotal moment in her life. Alumna April Cassou, a former faculty member in the USF
School of Law, recalls having that feeling in 1981, when she and her husband, Phil Cassou, also an alumnus, did
something remarkable. The Cassous offered to pay tuition for a young student who was admitted to the MBA program but
had no money to pay for it. As graduates of USF themselves, the Cassous knew the importance of education, and they
wishes to remain anonymous, to complete his MBA at USF and go on to receive a Ph.D. at the University of California,
Berkeley. He became a professor at the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania and is now chairman and CEO of
one of the largest private equity firms in Asia. The generosity of April and Phil Cassou continued over the next 10
years. They established a scholarship for MBA students at USF, the Cassou-Shan Endowed Scholarship, and it was endowed
in 1992. An annual scholarship, it is awarded to an MBA student who has demonstrated unique promise, exceptional
intelligence, and outstanding personal discipline. Dozens of students have benefitted from the scholarship. Fast
Forward to Today In 2015, an anonymous donor created the match challenge for the Cassou-Shan Scholarship, pledging a $1
million challenge. To help build the scholarship, this donor will pay $1 for every $2 contributed by other donors. The
need to complete an MBA. The scholarship is awarded at the discretion of the Dean of the School of Management. The
Cassous, meanwhile, continue to be in contact occasionally with the first student they helped out so many years ago.
undergraduate students, and they have been married over four decades. They have been giving to USF for 37 years, and
Interested in supporting what April and Phil Cassou started? Find out more This gift was made in support of Changing
the World from Here: Campaign for the University of San Francisco. Angela Cheda was awarded the Cassou-Shan Scholarship
for MBA students. She is a marketing manager at Blue Shield in San Francisco. Share Copy Facebook Twitter LinkedIn
Email more news Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA
94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external)
Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media
Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title
of San Francisco
Title: Financing Your Education - International & Development Economics, MS | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/arts-sciences/programs/graduate/international-development-economics/financial-aid 
 Financing Your Education - International & Development Economics, MS | University of San Francisco Skip to Content
Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Visit usfca.edu Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit
Athletics Alumni Giving Our Difference Mission & Vision Our Leadership Our Faculty School News Our Programs
Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Professional Certificates Research & Creative Achievement Centers & Institutes
Undergraduate Teacher Education Center Autonomous Vehicles & the City Initiative Facilities & Labs Innovation Hive
Writing for a Real World School Life Undergraduate Experience Graduate Experience Events Critical Diversity Studies
Forum Global Feminist Forum Human Rights Film Festival Davies Forum Graduate Admission How to Apply International
Students Financial Aid Dean's Scholarship Tests & Scores Program Contacts Info Sessions & Events Connect with a Current
Programs Graduate Programs International & Development Economics, MS Financing Your Education International &
Development Economics, MS International & Development Economics, MS Program Overview Student Research Our Alumni
Faculty FAQs Financing Your Education Contact Us How to Apply Request Info Apply Now REQUEST APPLY VISIT Estimated
Tuition The estimated cost of the program is $1,660 per unit for the 2024-2025 academic year. Students typically take
18 units in the first academic year and 18 units in the second academic year. A total of 36 units are required for the
degree. Program fees are subject to adjustment annually, and the number of required units may vary based on enrollment
status. Please contact Luwei Xie (lxie3@usfca.edu) to discuss the specifics of the program. Financial Aid Cost of
Attendance Program Scholarships We offer a limited number of merit-based scholarships to incoming students on a
competitive basis for up to $10,000 to highly selective applicants to support their first-year study in the program.
All applicants, both U.S. and international students, are considered for these scholarships when the applications are
reviewed. There is no separate application for this type of financial assistance. Applications received before the
recipients compensation for research and for conference travel. Additional benefits include the Dean's Scholar kickoff
and reception, connection with other Dean's Scholars and with leaders across the college, and the chance to serve as
program representatives to USF donors and Development initiatives. To be considered for the $15,000 Dean's Scholarship
towards their first year of tuition, students must apply by the program's priority deadline. Double Dons Scholarship
USF Alumni and current students can be awarded the USF Double Dons Scholarship upon admission. The scholarship covers
20% of the program tuition, and may not be stacked with other USF scholarship awards. Exceptions may apply. Double Dons
are available to qualify current students to assist faculty with graduate and undergraduate economics courses.
Qualified students can apply after their first semester in the program. These positions are paid hourly and do not
under the supervision of a faculty member. They are also paid hourly. On-Campus Student Employment Enrolled students
can apply for student employment opportunities on campus to earn additional income towards tuition or day-to-day
expenses. International students are eligible to work on campus for up to 20 hours per week during the semester and up
to 35 hours during the summer period and intersession. Non-USF Financial Aid Applicants can also seek out non-USF
financial aid to fund their graduate education. Site Footer 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555
Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is
external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Graduate Admission Careers at USF Contact Us Directory News & Media
Academics Academic Calendar Bookstore Course Catalog Library Campus Campus Safety Maps & Directions Title IX Virtual
of San Francisco
Title: Financing Your Education - Health Systems Leadership, DNP | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/nursing/programs/graduate/health-systems-leadership/financing-your-education 
 Financing Your Education - Health Systems Leadership, DNP | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search
Enter a Search Term Search: Visit usfca.edu Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni
Giving Our Difference Mission, Vision & Values Our People Our Leadership Our Faculty Alumni San Francisco Advantage
Accreditation News Offices & Services Employment 70 Years Anniversary 70 Stories of Impact Our History & Sisters of
Mercy Our Programs Undergraduate Programs Nursing, BSN Public Health, BS Graduate Programs Clinical Psychology, PsyD
Family Nurse Practitioner, DNP Nursing, MSN Psychiatric Mental Health Nurse Practitioner, DNP Public Health, MPH Health
Systems Leadership, DNP Engagement & Impact Simulation Center & Clinical Skills Lab Clinical Skills Lab Simulation
Center Service Abroad & Immersion Programs Preceptor Program School Life Events Crawford Lecture Organizations &
Activities Admission & Aid Application Deadlines Financing Your Education International Students Request Information
Health Professions Our Programs Graduate Programs Health Systems Leadership, DNP Financing Your Education A graduate
education is a significant investment in your future. The School of Nursing and Health Professions (SONHP) is proud to
offer a variety of ways to assist in funding your education. Health Systems Leadership, DNP Health Systems Leadership,
DNP Program Overview Concentrations Financing Your Education Admission FAQs Request Info Apply Now REQUEST APPLY VISIT
The first step in applying for financial aid at USF is to submit your Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA).
There is no FAFSA deadline for graduate students, but students are encouraged to start the Free Application for Federal
Student Aid (FAFSA) as early as possible. The FAFSA code for the University of San Francisco (USF) is 001325. Apply for
FAFSA All USF financial aid awards and scholarships will require the completion of a FAFSA. Please refer to the
offers a number of scholarships and funding options. Most scholarships are awarded on the basis of financial need,
which will be determined by the completion of a Scholarship Application at the time of application to a graduate
program or by a continuing student's completion during the Fall of each academic year. A limited number of scholarships
will also be awarded on the basis of merit. The following information describes funding resources that may be useful to
your graduate studies. Estimated Costs Please note that tuition rates and fees are subject to change and more
information can be found about tuition and graduate student fees on the university tuition and fees schedule. In
addition to tuition, there are fees for graduate students, including mandatory health insurance and Associate Graduate
multi-semester awards for students in SONHP graduate programs who demonstrate outstanding experience or potential in
the following areas: academics, commitment to social justice and community service, and leadership. Scholarships can
students starting the MSN program (Please note: MSN for Registered Nurses, RN-MSN, only) with their friends and/or
colleagues, coming from the same agency/hospital/employer. Three (3) students must start the program in the same
semester and must be associated with one another, personally or professionally. Each student will receive a $3,000
scholarship, disbursed over six (6) semesters, contingent upon maintaining a 3.0 or higher GPA. Nurse Practitioners and
Communities Together (NPCT) Scholarships These federally-funded scholarships support DNP students interested in
immersive NP primary care and accessible behavioral health care. The underlying grant is designed to increase the
numbers of NPs in rural and medically under-served areas and strengthen their knowledge and skills in providing
culturally competent, evidence-based integrated behavioral health in primary care using innovative methods (including
telehealth). The scholarship funds focus on students from the Central Valley and northeastern counties of California
and students who are committed to working in those areas after graduation. Awarded funds can range from $2,000 to
$20,000. This funding is limited to the next three academic years. Health Professions Education Foundation (HPEF)
Scholarship Established in 1987, the Health Professions Education Foundation (HPEF) is the state's only nonprofit
foundation statutorily created to encourage students from underrepresented communities to become health professionals
and increase access to health providers in medically underserved areas. Supported by grants, donations, licensing fees,
and special funds, the foundation offers scholarship and loan repayment programs to students and graduates who agree to
practice in California's medically underserved communities. Thanks to its track record of delivering health providers
to areas of need, HPEF has garnered approximately 5,400 award, totaling more than $47 million for allied health,
nursing, mental health, and medical students and recent graduates practicing 56 of California's 58 counties. Graduate
Nursing and PsyD in Clinical Psychology (PsyD) students are eligible. Elissondo Research Scholarship This fund provides
up to $300 per student upon request in support of a professional development opportunity. Yellow Ribbon Program The
Yellow Ribbon GI Education Enhancement Program (Yellow Ribbon Program) is a provision of the Post-9/11 (Chapter 33)
that allows veterans to attend private schools and graduate programs costing more than the state tuition cap. Awards
will be made on a first come, first-served basis. Veteran Enrollment Services Staudenraus Scholarship Students in the
Master's Entry - MSN are eligible to receive funding through this scholarship. First priority goes to students
Scholarship available for students in the Master's Entry - MSN program (Please note: Only applicable to the Master's
Entry MSN option) for students interested in nursing leadership roles. Federal Student Loans For U.S. Citizens and
Eligible Non-Citizens U.S. Citizens and U.S. Permanent Residents are eligible for a Federal Stafford Loan of $20,500
for each year of graduate studies. In addition, the Federal Grad PLUS Loan program covers remaining tuition and living
expenses. Apply for FAFSA Loan Forgiveness Opportunities HRSA Nurse Faculty Loan Program (NFLP) The Nurse Faculty Loan
Program (NFLP) is a loan forgiveness program that prepares and trains qualified nurse educators to fill faculty
vacancies and raise the number of trained nurses entering the workforce. Students can receive up to $35,500 per year in
funding for up to 5 years. This loan program can provide up to 85% loan forgiveness (plus interest thereon) upon
completion of up to four years of full-time employment after graduation from an advanced education nursing degree
program. HRSA Nurse Faculty Loan Program Health Resources and Services Administration (HRSA) Workforce Connector
Graduates can use the Health Resources and Services Administration (HRSA) Workforce Connector to find jobs with loan
repayment. HRSA Workforce Connector Financial Aid for Undocumented Students Although undocumented students do not have
legal U.S. immigration status, which prevents them from receiving state (Cal Grant) and federal (FAFSA) financial aid,
USF is committed to supporting all students regardless of the identities they hold. The School of Nursing and Health
Professions has several scholarship opportunities for applicants that are granted based on need and merit. Candidates
are eligible to apply for scholarships upon submission of their application for admission. Your application will be
handled with the utmost confidentiality and care. For questions regarding the application process, please contact
Carolyn Arroyo, carroyo2@usfca.edu. USF has joined with the Association of Jesuit Colleges and Universities to express
their unwavering support for Undocumented students. If you would like to read the full Association of Jesuit Colleges
and Universities statement please visit the AJCU Presidents' Statement. The list below consists of some internal and
external scholarships and resources such as search databases available to undocumented students: USF Jesuit Community
Magis Endowed Scholarship for Undocumented/DACA Graduate Students - The USF Jesuit community offers scholarships to
undocumented graduate students with a maximum of $1,000 awarded. Paul & Daisy Soros Fellowships for New Americans -
Supports 30 New Americans, immigrants or the children of immigrants, who are pursuing graduate school in the United
States. Each Fellowship supports one to two years of graduate study in any field and in any advanced degree-granting
program in the United States. Manos De Esperanza Scholarship - The Manos de Esperanza organization grants scholarships
to students that have a history of performing public service activities in their communities and who plan on
contributing in the future. Students who demonstrate excellent leadership skills are highly encouraged to apply. MPOWER
Global Citizen Scholarship - For international students or DACA students who are currently enrolled or accepted to
study full-time degree programs at a school MPOWER supports. The scholarship award ranges from $1,000-$3,000.
Additional Resources for Undocumented Students External Scholarships Nurse Corps Scholarship Program - This Nurse Corps
students in exchange for a minimum two-year full-time service commitment at a health care facility with a critical
shortage of nurses. CCI Nursing Scholarship - One scholarship that amounts to $2000 to assist students enrolled in a
$2,500 will be awarded twice yearly to students pursuing professional nursing degrees. Recovery Village HealthCare
Scholarship - Nursing students interested in substance abuse or mental health may be eligible to receive $1,000.
HealthCare Leadership Scholarship - Any student currently enrolled in a healthcare related undergraduate, graduate or
doctorate level program is eligible. Award amounts up to $1000. AfterCollege Nursing Student Scholarship - This $500
Special consideration will be given to students in a graduate program with the goal of becoming a nurse educator;
students completing an RN-to-BSN or RN-to-MSN program; and those enrolled in an accelerated program. AfterCollege-AACN
in nursing. Special consideration will be given to students in a graduate program with the goal of becoming a nurse
educator, students completing an RN-to-BSN or RN-to-MSN program; and those enrolled in an accelerated program. One
scholarship in the amount of $2,500 will be awarded each quarter. Applications are due by the following deadlines:
3/31*, 6/30*, 9/30*, 12/31* DiversityNursing Education Award - This $5000 award is available to students enrolled in an
accredited School of Nursing in a professional registered nurse program (baccalaureate, graduate, associate degree or
diploma) OR work Full-Time, Part-Time or Per Diem as a Registered Nurse, LPN, Nurse Practitioner or Nurse
Leader/Administrator at a U.S. based organization. Nursing Map License - An extensive list of over 350 nursing
scholarships, grants, and loan repayment programs. Resources for Undocumented Students The Hispanic Health Professional
Student Scholarship E4FC Hispanic Scholarship Fund HS Finder Scholarship Search Fastweb Scholarship Search MALDEF
Financial Aid Graduate Program Tuition & Fees Site Footer 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555
Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is
external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Careers at USF Contact Us Directory News & Media Academics Academic
Calendar Bookstore Course Catalog Library Campus Campus Safety Maps & Directions Title IX Virtual Tour Apply Give to
Title: Scholarships & Aid - Teaching with Credential, Catholic Education Concentration, MAT | University of San
Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/education/programs/masters/teaching-concentration-catholic-education/scholarships-aid 
 Scholarships & Aid - Teaching with Credential, Catholic Education Concentration, MAT | University of San Francisco
Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Visit usfca.edu Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate
Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Our Difference Our Vision Our People Leadership Our Faculty Locations Sacramento
Santa Rosa South Bay East Bay School News Our Programs Master's Programs Doctoral Programs Certificates Academic
Support Research & Centers CalEPIC Consortium Center for Humanizing Education and Research About Us Events Faculty
College Access Programs Educational Talent Search Resources McGrath Institute for Jesuit Catholic Education
Scholarships USF Community Mental Health Clinic School Life Community Engagement & Activism Graduate Housing
Organizations & Activities Student Ambassadors Student Events Student Services Admission & Aid Application Requirements
Deadlines Events & Fairs CBEST & CSET Resources Immunization Requirements Teaching Weekends DACA & Undocumented
Students International Students Frequently Asked Questions Financial Resources Teaching with Credential, Catholic
Education Concentration, MAT Scholarships & Aid Home School of Education Master's Programs Teaching with Credential,
Catholic Education Concentration, MAT Teaching with Credential, Catholic Education Concentration, MAT Teaching with
Credential, Catholic Education Concentration, MAT Program Details Bilingual Authorization Certification Credentials
Faculty Internships Careers SFUSD Discount Scholarships & Aid How To Apply Request Info Apply Now REQUEST APPLY In
addition to general School of Education scholarships, teaching credential students may also be eligible for the
following program-specific funding opportunities. Catholic Educator Reduced Tuition Rate A 40% reduced tuition rate is
available to students who are Catholic school employees, teachers, or volunteers, or students who are connected to a
Catholic organization and who are applying to a USF teacher credential program. Continuing and newly admitted students
are welcome to apply. Eligibility, Deadlines, and Application The Golden State Teacher Grant Program (GSTG) GSTG is for
students who are currently enrolled in a teacher preparation program to earn a preliminary credential in a high need
field and commit to teach at a priority school, in California for four years, within five years after completing a
teacher preparation program. Apply to GSTG Marin Diverse Educator Scholarship The Marin Diverse Educator Scholarship
supports USF teaching credential candidates who intend to work as a teacher in Marin County public schools. The
scholarship recipient will receive $20,000 towards their first year of tuition at USF. Preference toward Marin Freedom
School Teachers and teachers with a background in Math or Science. Candidates pursuing other subject matter content
areas are welcome to apply. Newly admitted students are welcome to apply. Eligibility, Deadlines, and Application
Ricardo P. Molinari Endowment Scholarship The Ricardo P. Molinari Endowment Scholarship fund is for a single or
multiple subject USF teacher education student who is full-time, in good standing, and has demonstrated financial need.
Three awards of $2,750 each are available to continuing students (newly admitted students are not eligible).
Eligibility, Deadlines, and Application SFUSD Discount We will offer a reduced tuition rate for SFUSD employees who
meet eligibility requirements. Continuing and newly admitted students are welcome to apply. Eligibility, Deadlines, and
Application TEACH Grant The TEACH Grant provide up to $4,000 per year to graduate students who are completing
coursework needed to begin a career in teaching. Continuing and newly admitted students are welcome to apply.
Eligibility, Deadlines, and Application USF and Presidio Hill School Teacher Apprentice Program Students accepted to
the USF and Presidio Hill School Teacher Apprentice program complete a two-year teaching apprenticeship with a master
Apprentices work with their master teacher for the full school week and attend graduate courses at USF in the evening.
Apprentices receive a $25,000 per year stipend and ongoing classroom support. This program enrolls every other year and
is open only to newly admitted students. Eligibility, Deadlines, and Application State Resources and Federal Resources
The following programs are administered by various agencies in the State of California and around the United States.
Please consult each program's website for further information. Cal Grant Program If you are currently an undergraduate
student with a Cal Grant A or B and plan to enroll in a teacher credential program, you may be eligible to renew your
Cal Grant award for an additional year. The additional year of payment is provided to students who are seeking an
initial teaching credential and cannot be used for other graduate level courses of study. Learn More Perkins Loan
Forgiveness You qualify for cancellation (discharge) of up to 100 percent of a Federal Perkins Loan if: you have served
full-time in a public or nonprofit elementary or secondary school system as a teacher in a school serving students from
low-income families; or you are a special-education teacher, including teachers of infants, toddlers, children, or
youth with disabilities; or you are a teacher in the fields of mathematics, science, foreign languages, or bilingual
education, or in any other field of expertise determined by a state education agency to have a shortage of qualified
teachers in that state. Learn More Stafford Loan Forgiveness Program for Teachers The Teacher Loan Forgiveness program
is intended to encourage individuals to enter and continue in the teaching profession. Under this program, individuals
who teach full-time for five consecutive, complete academic years in certain elementary and secondary schools that
serve low-income families and meet other qualifications may be eligible for forgiveness of up to a combined total of
$17,500 in principal and interest on their Federal Family Education Loan and/or Direct Loan program loans. Learn More
Teach Grant The TEACH Grant provides up to $4,000 per year to graduate students who are completing course work needed
to begin a career in teaching. Learn More Site Footer 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555
Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is
external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Careers at USF Contact Us Directory News & Media Academics Academic
Calendar Bookstore Course Catalog Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Give to
Title: Dean's Scholarship | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/arts-sciences/graduate-admission/deans-scholarship 
 Dean's Scholarship | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Visit
usfca.edu Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Our Difference Mission &
Vision Our Leadership Our Faculty School News Our Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Professional
Certificates Research & Creative Achievement Centers & Institutes Undergraduate Teacher Education Center Autonomous
Vehicles & the City Initiative Facilities & Labs Innovation Hive Writing for a Real World School Life Undergraduate
Experience Graduate Experience Events Critical Diversity Studies Forum Global Feminist Forum Human Rights Film Festival
Davies Forum Graduate Admission How to Apply International Students Financial Aid Dean's Scholarship Tests & Scores
Program Contacts Info Sessions & Events Connect with a Current Student COLLEGE OF ARTS AND SCIENCES Dean's Scholarship
$15,000 to use toward tuition, research, and conference travel. Connect with other Dean's Scholarship recipients and
leaders across the College of Arts & Sciences. Serve as a program representative to USF donor initiatives to help
transform the lives of other USF students. Graduate Admission How to Apply International Students Financial Aid
Financial Aid Dean's Scholarship Tests & Scores Program Contacts Info Sessions & Events Connect with a Current Student
as refugees and migrants while growing up in West Africa, Eric took an interest in immigration issues from an early
age. He wishes to advocate for the rights of asylum seekers and migrants. Meet Eric Riya Bhandari, Energy Systems
to facilitate the execution of revolutionary science to find solutions to some of the world's most pressing problems,
Angeles and DJing on the side, Tiffani is the first in her family to graduate college. She hopes to become an expert in
government policy and anthropology relating to labor issues and rights. Meet Tiffani Evan Chan, Asia Pacific Studies
museums as a medium for telling stories and shaping public awareness of important issues. She wants to uplift voices
that have been underrepresented throughout history and share stories that have been suppressed by the dominant
collection or novel oriented around South Korean folklore and myths, but with a modern twist. Meet Matthew Damian
regularly hosted NFL watch parties for his extended family. He hopes to excel as an NFL agent, ultimately establishing
engineer. She hopes to contribute to products that can improve people's lives and change the world from here. Meet
in working closely with faculty and doing field work abroad is what led Claire to her graduate program. Her dream is to
San Francisco native who has been interested in local activism from a young age. He wants to solve poverty not just in
was his calling. He got his start in sports medicine, working as a hydration technician before eventually landing a
her skills in economic research and programming to better understand and develop solutions for urban, environmental,
I was a knowledge consumer; now, as a graduate student, I find myself in the exciting role of a knowledge producer, and
Leader in Your Field "With a community of nearly 1,000 graduate students across our 19 programs in the College of Arts
& Sciences, we rely on our dedicated faculty and staff to enhance and refine our programs to suit the current trends in
population, provide an additional spark, with their creativity and ingenuity, profiling excellence both in study and in
their future professions. While there are employment opportunities in industry, the technology sector, and in public
service, we help to position our graduates to become leaders in their field, proudly carrying our university mission of
recognizes a select group of incoming students in graduate programs, who the admission committees believe will make a
substantial contribution to the programs. Recipients are selected based on merit. To be considered for the Dean's
Scholarship, students must apply to their program by the program's priority deadline. Graduate Programs Site Footer
2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is
external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Graduate Admission
Careers at USF Contact Us Directory News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Bookstore Course Catalog Library Campus
Campus Safety Maps & Directions Title IX Virtual Tour Apply Give to USF Visit myUSF Consumer Information Privacy
Title: Financial Aid & Cost | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/financial-aid 
 Financial Aid & Cost | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply (Menu
Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students
Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change
Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's
University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San
Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board
of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create
Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree
Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research
Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate &
Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San
Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of
Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid
Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet
Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate
Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of
Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research
Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching
Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought
& the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms
Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts &
Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment
Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career
Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events Financial Aid & Cost Home Admission & Aid Financial
Aid & Cost Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Cost of Attendance
Undergraduate Costs Graduate Costs Net Price Calculator Types of Aid Types of Aid Federal & State Grants Federal
School Graduates Tuition Exchange CAREER OUTCOMES REQUEST INFO Outcomes REQUEST INFO Invest in your USF Degree The
form of financial aid in fall 2023 $20,819 Average merit aid for fall 2023 incoming students 65% of grad students
receive some form of financial aid $42,827 Average total aid package for fall 2023 incoming students Cost of Attendance
The full cost of attendance includes tuition and fees, plus other expenses to keep in mind, like housing, meals, books,
application. Undergrad Aid Graduate financial aid Many graduate programs at USF offer scholarships and assistantships.
first-year undergraduate student, use this calculator to estimate your cost to attend USF. Estimate Cost Value of a USF
degree USF delivers powerful outcomes. Learn more about our average salaries, graduation rates, and where students end
be based on your financial need, your academic achievements, or your personal identity. Scholarship Opportunities Types
of Aid Select option to display slide Federal & State Grants Federal Work-Study Loans Tuition Exchange/FACHEX Veterans
Benefits Federal & State Grants Federal Work-Study Loans Tuition Exchange/FACHEX Veterans Benefits Federal & State
earn money from an on- or off-campus job. The money you earn from your job goes directly to you, like a regular
paycheck. Info on work-study Loans Based on your FAFSA, you or your parents could qualify for low-interest government
loans. You can also apply for private loans. Loans need to be paid back, usually with interest. Info on loans Tuition
Exchange/FACHEX If your parent works for a participating college or university, you may be eligible for additional
tuition assistance. Info on tuition exchange Veterans Benefits The Yellow Ribbon Program can help pay for tuition that
Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link
is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News &
Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety
University of San Francisco
Title: Giving Opportunities - School of Management | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/management/giving/opportunities 
 Giving Opportunities - School of Management | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search
Term Search: Visit usfca.edu Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Our
Difference Mission & Vision Our Leadership Our Faculty Accreditation Locations School News From the Dean's Desk Our
Programs Undergraduate Programs Accounting, BSBA Business Analytics Entrepreneurship & Innovation, BSBA Finance
Hospitality Management International Business Management Management, BAM Degree Continuation Marketing Graduate
Programs Entrepreneurship and Innovation, MS Information Systems, MS Marketing Intelligence, MS MBA Programs
Organization Development, MS Executive Education Business Analytics Certified Customer Success Manager Courses
Corporate Innovation Custom Programs Silicon Valley Immersion Engagement & Impact Gellert Family Business Center Malloy
Group for Organizational Science Consulting School Life Undergraduate Life Graduate Life Graduate Career Services The
Office of Student Success and Engagement USF Bloomberg Lab Graduate Admission & Aid How To Apply International
Applicants Transfer Applicants Deadlines Financial Aid MBA Referral Scholarship Events FAQ School of Management Giving
Opportunities Home School of Management Giving On This page Cassou-Shan MBA Scholarship Harari Conscious Leadership and
Social Innovation Initiative Student Managed Investment Fund Chinese Business Studies Initiative Gellert Family
Business Center Hospitality Management Department Malloy Group for Organizational Science Consulting Professional Edge
identified by the Dean. Give to the School of Management Cassou-Shan MBA Scholarship The Cassou-Shan Scholarship
provides access for students to attend the USF MBA program, where they learn practical skills to be principled business
leaders. The scholarship is granted at the discretion of the Dean, without regard to nationality, to students who have
demonstrated unique promise, exceptional intelligence, and outstanding personal discipline. Donate to the Cassou-Shan
MBA Scholarship Harari Conscious Leadership and Social Innovation Initiative The Harari Conscious Leadership and Social
Innovation Initiative aims to establish a bridge between theory and practice in the fields of leadership and social
innovation. Through a unique and innovative set of experiences, this program will develop School of Management students
as the next generation of conscious leaders. Some of the programs that are funded by this initiative include the Harari
Executive in Residence Program which invites distinguished executives into campus to co-teach with faculty and mentor
students, the Conscious Leadership and Social Innovation Speaker Series and the Social Entrepreneurship and Innovation
Conference. Give Today Student Managed Investment Fund The School of Management Student Managed Fund allows selected
second-year Master of Science in Financial Analysis candidates to invest real money in the stock and bond markets. The
faculty-supervised group engages in all aspects of portfolio management, investment analysis, asset allocation and
trading strategies, as would a professional management team. Students are responsible for all administrative details of
managing the fund and also conduct research projects with selected companies. Give Today Chinese Business Studies
Initiative The China Business Studies Initiative aims to connect Chinese industry, public policy and academia with the
larger community through the production of high impact research, publications, development programs, and resources. It
also provides a platform for collaboration with the influential China business community in San Francisco. Give Today
Gellert Family Business Center The Gellert Family Business Resource Center is committed to working with family
businesses to promote networking, facilitate an open exchange of ideas and advance the field through consultation and
scholarship. The goal of the Gellert Foundation Family Business Center is to provide academic programs that support the
current and future managers of family-owned firms. The graduates of our undergraduate and MBA programs assume
leadership positions in family businesses (large and small) around the globe. Give Today Hospitality Management
Department Bob Puccini was a significant player in the world of hotel and restaurant design and was incredibly
supportive of USF's Hospitality program and students. Over the years he sponsored interns to work with his design firm,
hired graduates, spoke in classes, and hosted student/alumni exchanges and dinners at his restaurant here in the City.
He was a speaker at and a corporate sponsor of our Annual Hospitality Industry Symposiums held at downtown hotels at
which 300-400 industry executives and students attended. He even arranged private tours of his hotels and restaurants
in NYC when we took students to the International Hotel & Restaurant Show there. Give Today Malloy Group for
Organizational Science Consulting Since its inception, The Malloy Group has brought together graduate students,
faculty, and the San Francisco Bay Area business community to exchange and create ideas and knowledge. The Malloy Group
cultivates shared value through experiential learning, scholarly research, and SF Bay Area organizational partnerships.
Give Today Professional Edge Professional Edge is a four-year co-curricular program to provide business majors the
competitive business world. Beginning freshman year, students will participate in workshops and activities that will
develop their marketable skill sets, provide unique opportunities for professional growth and development and enhance
their capability to secure valuable internships and career options upon graduation. Give Today Giving Home Site Footer
2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-6771 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is
external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Careers at USF
Contact Us Directory News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Bookstore Course Catalog Library Campus Campus Safety
Maps & Directions Title IX Virtual Tour Apply Give to USF Visit myUSF Consumer Information Privacy Statement Web
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/news/scholarship-memory-one-usfs-first-black-faculty-members 
Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving
Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission &
Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions
Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San
Francisco Main Campus Downtown San Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage
Rates President & Leadership Board of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office
USF News Academics Learn to Create Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors
Graduate Programs Dual Degree Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic
Support Undergraduate Research Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health
Professions Advising Graduate & Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional
Certificates Executive Education The San Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges
College of Arts & Sciences School of Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health
Professions Libraries Admission & Aid Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International
Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions
Student Resources International Graduate Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of
Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty &
Research Faculty & Student Research Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia
Pacific Studies Center for Teaching Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane
Center for Catholic Social Thought & the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common
Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the
City The Campus Experience Arts & Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student
Activities Student Employment Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing
Dining on Campus Career Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events A Scholarship in Memory of
Black Alumni Society Sanya Hill Maxion, has announced a new endowed scholarship for Black-identified students which
will help fund the general scholarship fund for the Black Achievement Success and Engagement (BASE) program. The fund
Jesuit community. The Dr. Patricia Liggins Hill BASE Scholarship will commemorate professor emeritus Dr. Patricia Hill,
one of the first Black faculty members and the first director of the Ethnic Studies program at USF, where she taught
for approximately 45 years. The Loyola House Jesuit Community has generously contributed $25,000 to support the
establishment of the Dr. Patricia Liggins Hill BASE Scholarship. Image Dr. Hill started her career at USF in 1970 as a
result of student protests calling for equity, inclusion, and diversity at the university. She was a passionate voice
for student education, research, and giving back to others. She was also the general editor of the groundbreaking and
highly-acclaimed anthology, Call & Response: The Riverside Anthology of the African American Literary Tradition. A
recipient of numerous awards, she also published articles on Etheridge Knight, Francis Watkins Harper, and August
Wilson. She stood at the forefront of advancing the field of Black Studies and many of the ethnic and cultural issues
of our times. Interested in recognizing Dr. Patricia Hill? Learn more on how you can contribute to the Dr. Patricia
Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link
is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us
Directory Careers at USF News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps &
Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Visit Give to USF myUSF Consumer Information Privacy Statement Web
Title: Craigslist Founder Funds Scholarship at USF | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/news/scholarship-benefit-students-the-usf-dc-program 
 Craigslist Founder Funds Scholarship at USF | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search
Term Search: Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link)
(Menu Link) Students Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit
Roots Agents for Change Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral
San Francisco's University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus
Downtown San Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President &
Leadership Board of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics
Learn to Create Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs
Dual Degree Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support
Undergraduate Research Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions
Advising Graduate & Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates
Executive Education The San Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of
Arts & Sciences School of Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries
Admission & Aid Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates &
Deadlines Meet Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources
International Graduate Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price
Calculator Types of Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty &
Student Research Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies
Center for Teaching Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for
Catholic Social Thought & the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good
Innovation Labs Star Route Farms Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City
The Campus Experience Arts & Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student
Activities Student Employment Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing
Dining on Campus Career Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events Giving Craigslist Founder
Funds Scholarship at USF June 29, 2016 Craig Newmark Craig Newmark, who founded the Craigslist website in San
Francisco, has donated $50,000 to fund scholarships at the University of San Francisco. The money will be awarded to
which is dedicated to inspiring and preparing students for careers of ethical public service. Newmark has served as a
neighborhoods in the here and now, and it also educates potential neighborhood leaders for long term civic engagement.
$5,000 Newmark Scholarship in the 2016-17 academic year. Students in the USF in D.C. program are required to complete a
full-time internship, where they work at government offices and advocacy groups throughout the nation's capital,
including the White House Office of Public Engagement, the U.S. Department of Education, the House Judiciary Committee,
charitable organizations, and at USF, his generosity extends beyond the McCarthy Center. He delivered the commencement
address at the School of Business and Professional Studies in 2009 (now the School of Management), and he collaborated
with students and faculty in 2011 to provide computers and internet literacy classes for the homeless in San
honorary doctoral degree in 2009. Newmark started Craigslist just a few blocks from USF, and more than 20 years later,
it remains true to his vision as an information clearinghouse that is free of charge for most users. An international
presence, it now receives more than 50 billion page views every month and operates in more than 70 countries. This gift
was made in support of Changing the World from Here: Campaign for the University of San Francisco. Related News Giving
A New Horizon for the Health & Life Sciences Giving Synergy in Science: Diez Cancer Biology Lab Integrates Student
LinkedIn Email more news Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA
94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external)
Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media
Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title
of San Francisco
Title: Financing Your Education - Environmental Management, MS | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/arts-sciences/programs/graduate/environmental-management/financial-aid 
 Financing Your Education - Environmental Management, MS | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search
Enter a Search Term Search: Visit usfca.edu Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni
Giving Our Difference Mission & Vision Our Leadership Our Faculty School News Our Programs Undergraduate Programs
Graduate Programs Professional Certificates Research & Creative Achievement Centers & Institutes Undergraduate Teacher
Education Center Autonomous Vehicles & the City Initiative Facilities & Labs Innovation Hive Writing for a Real World
School Life Undergraduate Experience Graduate Experience Events Critical Diversity Studies Forum Global Feminist Forum
Human Rights Film Festival Davies Forum Graduate Admission How to Apply International Students Financial Aid Dean's
Scholarship Tests & Scores Program Contacts Info Sessions & Events Connect with a Current Student Environmental
Environmental Management, MS Financing Your Education Environmental Management, MS Environmental Management, MS Program
Overview Faculty Our Alumni Financing Your Education Contact Us How to Apply Request Info Apply Now REQUEST APPLY VISIT
Estimated Tuition The estimated cost of the MSEM program is $1,660 per unit for the 2024-2025 academic year. Students
typically take an average of 16 units in the first academic year and 14 units in the second academic year. A total of
30 units are required for the degree. Program fees are subject to adjustment annually. Please contact Tiffany Yang to
discuss the specifics of the program. Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Scholarships We offer scholarships to new
part of tuition costs. When a scholarship is awarded, it will be indicated in the admission letter sent by the
environmental management program. These scholarships do not require a separate application. The Dean's Scholarship The
the Dean's Scholar kickoff and reception, connection with other Dean's Scholars and with leaders across the college,
and the chance to serve as program representatives to USF donors and Development initiatives. To be considered for the
$15,000 Dean's Scholarship towards their first year of tuition, students must apply by the program's priority deadline.
Double Dons Scholarship USF Alumni and current students can be awarded the USF Double Dons Scholarship upon admission.
The scholarship covers 20% of the program tuition, and may not be stacked with other USF scholarship awards. Exceptions
may apply. Double Dons on MyUSF Site Footer 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us
Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube
(link is external) Connect Graduate Admission Careers at USF Contact Us Directory News & Media Academics Academic
Calendar Bookstore Course Catalog Library Campus Campus Safety Maps & Directions Title IX Virtual Tour Apply Give to
Title: Financing Your Education - Applied Economics, MS | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/arts-sciences/programs/graduate/applied-economics/financial-aid 
 Financing Your Education - Applied Economics, MS | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a
Search Term Search: Visit usfca.edu Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving
Our Difference Mission & Vision Our Leadership Our Faculty School News Our Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate
Programs Professional Certificates Research & Creative Achievement Centers & Institutes Undergraduate Teacher Education
Center Autonomous Vehicles & the City Initiative Facilities & Labs Innovation Hive Writing for a Real World School Life
Undergraduate Experience Graduate Experience Events Critical Diversity Studies Forum Global Feminist Forum Human Rights
Film Festival Davies Forum Graduate Admission How to Apply International Students Financial Aid Dean's Scholarship
Tests & Scores Program Contacts Info Sessions & Events Connect with a Current Student Applied Economics, MS Financing
Education Applied Economics, MS Applied Economics, MS Program Overview Faculty Advisory Board Career Outcomes FAQs
Financing Your Education Contact Us How to Apply Request Info Apply Now REQUEST APPLY Estimated Tuition The estimated
cost of the program is $1,660 per unit for the 2024-2025 academic year. Students typically take 18 units in the first
academic year and 18 units in the second academic year. A total of 36 units are required for the degree. Program fees
are subject to adjustment annually, and the number of required units may vary based on enrollment status. Please
contact Luwei Xie to discuss the specifics of the program. Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Scholarships & Fellowships
We offer a number of partial, one-time scholarships to new students, and no separate application is needed. They are
limited in number, vary in amount, and cover only part of tuition costs. All students applying to the Applied Economics
program are considered for these scholarships during the admission decision process. All scholarships are distributed
evenly over the four semesters of the graduate program, with the continuation of the scholarship into the second-year
scholarships conditional on strong academic performance in the first-year curriculum. These scholarships will be
reference letters, personal statements, work experience, and other application materials. Criteria for these
scholarships are outlined below. Program Scholarships. All applicants are considered automatically for program
scholarships during the application review process, based on the academic and professional promise shown in their
application materials. These scholarships can reach up to $10,000. Eligible students will also be considered for one of
three scholarships aimed at broadening the range of perspectives in the economics discipline and providing
opportunities to groups that have historically been underrepresented in the discipline. Each of these scholarships is
in the amount of $10,000. The Women in Economics Scholarship is awarded to a woman-identified applicant and is aimed at
addressing the underrepresentation of those who are women-identified in the economics profession. Any woman-identified
or non-binary applicants will be considered for this scholarship. The Global Scholars in Economics Scholarship is aimed
at rectifying the US-centric perspective of the economics discipline and providing opportunities for scholars who may
be able to use the insights of economics to contribute to the development of their home countries. The Diversifying
Economics Scholarship can be awarded to American citizens and permanent residents such as first-generation college
students whose background and experiences provide them with distinctive perspectives currently underrepresented in the
economics profession. Such background should be discussed in the applicant's statement of intent. The Dean's
benefits include the Dean's Scholar kickoff and reception, connection with other Dean's Scholars and with leaders
across the college, and the chance to serve as program representatives to USF donors and Development initiatives. To be
considered for the $15,000 Dean's Scholarship towards their first year of tuition, students must apply by the program's
priority deadline. Double Dons Scholarship USF Alumni and current students can be awarded the USF Double Dons
Scholarship upon admission. The scholarship covers 20% of the program tuition, and may not be stacked with other USF
scholarship awards. Exceptions may apply. Double Dons on MyUSF Additional Scholarships Besides the scholarships
mentioned above, below are two additional scholarships that admitted students could be eligible for either at admission
students who had the strongest academic performance in their first year of graduate coursework. Teaching and Research
current students to assist faculty with graduate and undergraduate economics courses. Qualified students can apply
after their first semester in the program. These positions are paid hourly and do not provide tuition remission.
faculty member. They are also paid hourly. On-Campus Student Employment Enrolled students can apply for student
employment opportunities on campus to earn additional income towards tuition or day-to-day expenses. International
students are eligible to work on campus for up to 20 hours per week during the semester and up to 35 hours during
summer period and intersession. Non-USF Financial Aid Admitted students can also seek out non-USF financial aid to fund
their graduate education. Site Footer 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook
(link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is
external) Connect Graduate Admission Careers at USF Contact Us Directory News & Media Academics Academic Calendar
Bookstore Course Catalog Library Campus Campus Safety Maps & Directions Title IX Virtual Tour Apply Give to USF Visit
Title: Making Tomorrow a Better Day: Newsom Scholarship | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/news/making-tomorrow-better 
 Making Tomorrow a Better Day: Newsom Scholarship | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a
Search Term Search: Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu
Link) (Menu Link) Students Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our
Jesuit Roots Agents for Change Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon
Neutral San Francisco's University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main
Campus Downtown San Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates
President & Leadership Board of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News
Academics Learn to Create Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate
Programs Dual Degree Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support
Undergraduate Research Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions
Advising Graduate & Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates
Executive Education The San Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of
Arts & Sciences School of Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries
Admission & Aid Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates &
Deadlines Meet Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources
International Graduate Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price
Calculator Types of Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty &
Student Research Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies
Center for Teaching Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for
Catholic Social Thought & the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good
Innovation Labs Star Route Farms Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City
The Campus Experience Arts & Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student
Activities Student Employment Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing
Dining on Campus Career Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events Giving Making Tomorrow a
Better Day: Newsom Scholarship by Francesca MacCormack, Office of Development Communications August 13, 2020 The Tessa
T. Newsom and William A. Newsom III Endowed Scholarship Fund was created by Joe Cotchett to support undergraduate
students across all majors and to honor the life of his longtime friends. (Left to Right: Gavin, Tessa, Hilary, and
COVID-19 pandemic spread, the importance of creating a new endowed scholarship is crucial. In reflection today,
Cotchett, an attorney and longtime supporter of USF, feels grateful he set up an endowed scholarship that will help
students this academic year and in the future, to provide financial support during a challenging, uncertain time. He
important that we keep access to education available and the schools accessible. It's even more critical now than
Fund to support undergraduate students across all majors at the University of San Francisco, named in memory of his
friends Tessa Newsom (nee Menzies) and William Newsom, the late parents of California Governor Gavin Newsom and Hilary
from USF. William in 1955 and Tessa, after returning to school much later in life, in 1988. William went on to Stanford
in 1966. Cotchett was inspired by the public service work William sought out, including running for a California Senate
became the foundation and thread of their close friendship with Cotchett, and they later made environmental trips
together. Image After raising Gavin and Hilary, Tessa later went on to work for Plump Jack Management Group, a
private practice with a division of Getty Oil, and as an attorney for the Getty family before becoming a commissioner
Superior Court, and later, on the Court of Appeals in San Francisco until his retirement in 1995. After his retirement,
William continued to serve members of the Getty family as a fiduciary and as director of the Ann and Gordon Getty
Cotchett, William was a lifelong learner often caught with a book in one hand. For Cotchett, his inspiration to create
a scholarship honoring the lives of William and Tessa stemmed directly from their passion and commitment to the
environment and education, and in recognition of how much they respected those who need a voice in our society.
stepped up to help grow the Tessa T. Newsom and William A. Newsom III Endowed Scholarship Fund. Cotchett hopes to
a better day for our whole society. It's not complicated." To learn more about supporting scholarships at USF contact
the Office of Development at giving@usfca.edu This gift was made in support ofChanging the World from Here: Campaign
for the University of San Francisco. Related News Giving A New Horizon for the Health & Life Sciences Giving Synergy in
Science: Diez Cancer Biology Lab Integrates Student Research Giving First Generation, Boundless Ambitions: Alyssa
Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link
is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us
Directory Careers at USF News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps &
Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Visit Give to USF myUSF Consumer Information Privacy Statement Web
Title: Scholarships - Accounting, BSBA | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/management/programs/undergraduate/accounting/scholarships 
 Scholarships - Accounting, BSBA | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search:
Visit usfca.edu Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Our Difference
Mission & Vision Our Leadership Our Faculty Accreditation Locations School News From the Dean's Desk Our Programs
Undergraduate Programs Accounting, BSBA Business Analytics Entrepreneurship & Innovation, BSBA Finance Hospitality
Management International Business Management Management, BAM Degree Continuation Marketing Graduate Programs
Entrepreneurship and Innovation, MS Information Systems, MS Marketing Intelligence, MS MBA Programs Organization
Development, MS Executive Education Business Analytics Certified Customer Success Manager Courses Corporate Innovation
Custom Programs Silicon Valley Immersion Engagement & Impact Gellert Family Business Center Malloy Group for
Organizational Science Consulting School Life Undergraduate Life Graduate Life Graduate Career Services The Office of
Student Success and Engagement USF Bloomberg Lab Graduate Admission & Aid How To Apply International Applicants
School of Management Our Programs Undergraduate Programs Accounting, BSBA Accounting, BSBA Accounting, BSBA Program
Overview Accounting, Minor Faculty Student Experience Careers CPA Licensure Scholarships Request Info Apply Now Visit
USF REQUEST APPLY VISIT Scholarship Opportunities USF offers a number of partial-tuition scholarships to its accounting
majors. If you qualify and are selected for a scholarship, you will see it listed on your award offer. Previous slide
Next slide Dominic and Leona Tarantino Accounting Scholars Endowed Fund The university chooses the annual recipients of
the Dominic and Leona Tarantino Accounting Scholars endowed scholarship. It is for juniors and seniors who are
accounting majors, with a focus on students who are graduates of San Francisco high schools. They should have a GPA of
3.5 or higher. Endowed Accounting Scholarship The endowed scholarship, established in 1993, supports students in the
Accounting program in the School of Management. James and Carol Hurley Accounting Scholarship The James and Carol
Hurley Accounting Scholarship, established in 1992, is a merit-based scholarship that is given to students in the
School of Management who are studying in the field of accounting. Recipients must have completed the 6 unit sequence of
Intermediate Accounting I and Intermediate Accounting II. Del Monte Corp. Business Scholarship The Del Monte Corp.
Business Scholarship is for juniors and seniors enrolled in Accounting, MIS, Finance, General Business, Human Resources
or Marketing in the School of Management and have a 3.25 GPA overall and a 3.5 GPA in their major area of study. U.S.
citizens and international students from countries where Del Monte has operating facilities are eligible to apply for
the scholarship. James and Myrna McKenna Accounting Scholarship The James and Myrna McKenna scholarship was created in
1984 to honor James L. McKenna and is given to a student interested in pursuing a career in public accounting. Learn
More About Financial Aid Site Footer 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-6771 Follow us Facebook
(link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is
external) Connect Careers at USF Contact Us Directory News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Bookstore Course Catalog
Library Campus Campus Safety Maps & Directions Title IX Virtual Tour Apply Give to USF Visit myUSF Consumer Information
Title: Scholarships & Aid - Organization & Leadership, EdD | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/education/programs/doctoral/organization-leadership/scholarships-aid 
 Scholarships & Aid - Organization & Leadership, EdD | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a
Search Term Search: Visit usfca.edu Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving
Our Difference Our Vision Our People Leadership Our Faculty Locations Sacramento Santa Rosa South Bay East Bay School
News Our Programs Master's Programs Doctoral Programs Certificates Academic Support Research & Centers CalEPIC
Consortium Center for Humanizing Education and Research About Us Events Faculty College Access Programs Educational
Talent Search Resources McGrath Institute for Jesuit Catholic Education Scholarships USF Community Mental Health Clinic
School Life Community Engagement & Activism Graduate Housing Organizations & Activities Student Ambassadors Student
Events Student Services Admission & Aid Application Requirements Deadlines Events & Fairs CBEST & CSET Resources
Immunization Requirements Teaching Weekends DACA & Undocumented Students International Students Frequently Asked
Education Our Programs Doctoral Programs Organization & Leadership, EdD Scholarships & Aid Organization & Leadership,
EdD Organization & Leadership, EdD Program Overview Optional Minors Organization & Leadership, Preliminary
Administrative Services Credential, EdD Faculty Careers Our Alumni Scholarships & Aid How to Apply REQUEST INFO APPLY
NOW REQUEST APPLY Federal financial aid, state, and university resources are available as funding to newly admitted and
current USF School of Education students. In order to offset the cost of graduate education tuition, many School of
Education courses are offered in the late afternoon and evening, and/or on alternating weekends. Most students find
However, if your program requires you to spend time in a classroom (e.g. student teaching) or to complete a fieldwork
or traineeship experience, such commitments will interfere with a normal workday. Please consult your intended program
of study for more information. Tuition Rates USF Resources The following scholarships are available to all USF School
of Education master's or doctoral students. Applicants must meet the eligibility requirements outlined in the
scholarship description. Admission Scholarships Accepted students may receive scholarships to cover three to six
credits of tuition* in the first year of their program. All accepted students are automatically considered for these
Scholarship funds include endowments from the SOE general scholarship, Oricello, Winberry, Oaks and Yellow Ribbon.
Social Justice Scholarship This scholarship program recognizes and encourages USF School of Education students who are
and/or seek to be transformative change agents in their schools, professions and communities. This scholarship is
awarded to any School of Education graduate student who demonstrates outstanding dedication and vision for equitable
conditions in schools and communities, domestically and internationally. Selected students can receive up to three
credits of tuition.* Eligibility The Social Justice Scholarship is open to applicants enrolled in programs at the
Hilltop Campus, at USF's additional locations, and online. Past recipients of the scholarship are eligible to apply
again for future scholarships, but preference will be given to students that have not yet received the scholarship (and
meet the criteria). Newly admitted students are not eligible for this scholarship. Criteria Student must demonstrate:
previous and/or current experience in community service and engagement commitment to developing partnerships with
marginalized youth, schools and/or communities personal and professional background related to issues of
marginalization and social justice financial need Application Process Submit online application Application Deadlines
Intersession and Spring: November 30 Summer: March 30 Fall: April 30th * Scholarship funds include endowments from the
SOE general scholarship fund. Graduate Assistantships The School of Education awards a number of Graduate
Assistantships each academic year, allowing students to work with a Faculty Mentor in the areas of research, teaching
or professional development. Selected students will be paid an hourly rate for up to 200 hours per fiscal year (hours
must be utilized by May 20).* Criteria School of Education full-time faculty members will select students with whom
they will work and supervise on the approved project or assignment. Students must be admitted to and enrolled in a
graduate program in the School of Education. The proposed project must have a strong mentorship component, so that
students are able to strengthen their research, teaching or professional skills. Application Process School of
Education full-time faculty member select student(s) with whom they will work Faculty Mentor completes online Faculty
received by the following dates to be considered for the corresponding semester Intersession and Spring: November 30
Summer: March 30 Fall: April 30 * Scholarship funds include endowments from the SOE general scholarship fund. The
Conference Presentation Stipend All currently enrolled master's and doctoral School of Education students are eligible
to apply for the Conference Presentation Stipend to assist in conference expenses. Applications will be reviewed by the
applicant's department chairperson and faculty members. Eligibility Applicants must have been officially accepted to
Conditions The Conference Presentation Stipend: can only be used to cover conference-related costs such as
travel/transportation, registration, accommodations and/or printing/duplicating costs is granted as a reimbursement
after all receipts of covered expenses have been submitted (original receipts must be submitted to the SOE Dean's
Office immediately after the conference) can fund a student for only one conference per term, determined as per the
date of the conference (Term 1: January-July / Term 2: August - December) Amount The Conference Presentation Stipend
cannot exceed $200 per term. Application Interested students should apply as soon as they receive their conference
acceptance letter. To apply, fill out the Conference Presentation Stipend form, available in the SOE Dean's Office and
from department Program Assistants. Contact your Department Program Assistant for more information. Fellowship for
African Students The Fellowship for African Students will provide up to $7,500 for a Kenyan student in any SOE program.
Eligible students should contact the SOE Dean's Office to request an application. Priority consideration will be given
to students admitted from Kenya. If there are no students admitted from Kenya, students from other countries within
Africa are eligible to apply. School of Education Undocumented Student Scholarship The School of Education is pleased
to offer financial support to incoming and current undocumented and DACAmented students enrolled in any School of
Education program (Hilltop or regional campuses). In recognition of the social change efforts that many of our
undocumented students are engaged in, the scholarship responds to the social, cultural and political stressors
undocumented and DACAmented students face. Awards will be given in the amount of up to $5,000 dollars. Application
Process Interested applicants must complete the online application for the School of Education Scholarship for
Undocumented Students. Applications will be reviewed on a continuous basis. Our committee seeks to make decisions
within four weeks after application is submitted. Your application will be reviewed by a group of School of Education
faculty and staff dedicated to supporting undocumented and DACAmented students. Your application will be handled with
the utmost care and confidentiality. If you have any questions about the application, please contact Lisa Klope,
Associate Director of Admission of Outreach, at lklope@usfca.edu. Eligibility Requirements Undocumented or DACAmented
student Incoming or current student in any School of Education program (Hilltop or regional campuses) Candidates with
financial need will be prioritized, but all will be considered Priority will be given to applicants who are actively
engaged in education advocacy, immigrant rights, or other work related to supporting undocumented students Site Footer
2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is
external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Careers at USF
Contact Us Directory News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Bookstore Course Catalog Library Campus Maps & Directions
Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Give to USF Visit myUSF Consumer Information Privacy Statement Web
Title: Financing Your Education - Nursing, MSN | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/nursing/programs/graduate/masters/financing-your-education 
 Financing Your Education - Nursing, MSN | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term
Search: Visit usfca.edu Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Our
Difference Mission, Vision & Values Our People Our Leadership Our Faculty Alumni San Francisco Advantage Accreditation
News Offices & Services Employment 70 Years Anniversary 70 Stories of Impact Our History & Sisters of Mercy Our
Programs Undergraduate Programs Nursing, BSN Public Health, BS Graduate Programs Clinical Psychology, PsyD Family Nurse
Practitioner, DNP Nursing, MSN Psychiatric Mental Health Nurse Practitioner, DNP Public Health, MPH Health Systems
Leadership, DNP Engagement & Impact Simulation Center & Clinical Skills Lab Clinical Skills Lab Simulation Center
Service Abroad & Immersion Programs Preceptor Program School Life Events Crawford Lecture Organizations & Activities
Admission & Aid Application Deadlines Financing Your Education International Students Request Information Undocumented
Students & DACA Nursing, MSN Financing Your Education Home School of Nursing and Health Professions Our Programs
Graduate Programs A graduate education is a significant investment in your future. The School of Nursing and Health
Professions (SONHP) is proud to offer a variety of ways to assist in funding your education. Nursing, MSN Nursing, MSN
Clinical Nurse Leader (MEO), MSN Registered Nurses (RN-MSN) Admission FAQ Faculty Outcomes Student Projects Financing
Your Education Request Info Apply Now REQUEST APPLY The first step in applying for financial aid at USF is to submit
your Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA). There is no FAFSA deadline for graduate students, but students
are encouraged to start the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) as early as possible. The FAFSA code for
the University of San Francisco (USF) is 001325. FAFSA - APPLY NOW All USF financial aid awards and scholarships will
require the completion of a FAFSA. Please refer to the Financial Aid website for graduate students for details. In
scholarships are awarded on the basis of financial need, which will be determined by the completion of a Scholarship
Application at the time of application to a graduate program or by a continuing student's completion during the Fall of
each academic year. A limited number of scholarships will also be awarded on the basis of merit. The following
information describes funding resources that may be useful to your graduate studies. Estimated Costs Please note that
tuition rates and fees are subject to change and more information can be found about tuition and graduate student fees
on the university tuition and fees schedule. In addition to tuition, there are fees for graduate students, including
mandatory health insurance and Associate Graduate Students of USF (AGSUSF) annually. SONHP Scholarships DEAN'S GRADUATE
SCHOLARSHIPS FOR FINANCIAL NEED AND MERIT: This scholarship provides multi-semester awards for students in SONHP
graduate programs who demonstrate outstanding experience or potential in the following areas: academics, commitment to
social justice and community service, and leadership. Scholarships can range from $2000-$4000 in the first year. 1-3
AGENCY / COHORT SCHOLARSHIP: The 1 to 3 Agency Scholarship support students starting the MSN program (Please note: MSN
for Registered Nurses, RN-MSN, only) with their friends and/or colleagues, coming from the same
agency/hospital/employer. Three (3) students must start the program in the same semester and must be associated with
one another, personally or professionally. Each student will receive a $3,000 scholarship, disbursed over six (6)
semesters, contingent upon maintaining a 3.0 or higher GPA. NURSE PRACTITIONERS AND COMMUNITIES TOGETHER (NPCT)
SCHOLARSHIPS: These federally-funded scholarships support DNP students interested in immersive NP primary care and
accessible behavioral health care. The underlying grant is designed to increase the numbers of NPs in rural and
medically under-served areas and strengthen their knowledge and skills in providing culturally competent,
evidence-based integrated behavioral health in primary care using innovative methods (including telehealth). The
scholarship funds focus on students from the Central Valley and northeastern counties of California and students who
are committed to working in those areas after graduation. Awarded funds can range from $2,000 to $20,000. This funding
is limited to the next three academic years. HEALTH PROFESSIONS EDUCATION FOUNDATION (HPEF) SCHOLARSHIP: Established in
1987, the Health Professions Education Foundation (HPEF) is the state's only nonprofit foundation statutorily created
to encourage students from underrepresented communities to become health professionals and increase access to health
providers in medically underserved areas. Supported by grants, donations, licensing fees, and special funds, the
foundation offers scholarship and loan repayment programs to students and graduates who agree to practice in
California's medically underserved communities. Thanks to its track record of delivering health providers to areas of
need, HPEF has garnered approximately 5,400 award, totaling more than $47 million for allied health, nursing, mental
health, and medical students and recent graduates practicing 56 of California's 58 counties. Graduate Nursing and PsyD
in Clinical Psychology (PsyD) students are eligible.VISIT OFFICE OF STATEWIDE HEALTH PLANNING AND DEVELOPMENT ELISSONDO
RESEARCH SCHOLARSHIP: This fund provides up to $300 per student upon request in support of a professional development
opportunity. YELLOW RIBBON PROGRAM: The Yellow Ribbon GI Education Enhancement Program (Yellow Ribbon Program) is a
provision of the Post-9/11 (Chapter 33) that allows veterans to attend private schools and graduate programs costing
more than the state tuition cap. Awards will be made on a first come, first-served basis.VISIT VETERAN AFFAIRS
STAUDENRAUS SCHOLARSHIP: Students in the Master's Entry - MSN are eligible to receive funding through this scholarship.
$2,000-$5,000. HELENE FULD TRUST SCHOLARSHIPS: Scholarship available for students in the Master's Entry - MSN program
(Please note: Only applicable to the Master's Entry MSN option) for students interested in nursing leadership roles.
Federal Student Loans For U.S. Citizens and Eligible Non-Citizens U.S. Citizens and U.S. Permanent Residents are
eligible for a Federal Stafford Loan of $20,500 for each year of graduate studies. In addition, the Federal Grad PLUS
Loan program covers remaining tuition and living expenses. Apply for U.S. federal student loans (Stafford and Grad
Plus) The loan process takes up to 8 weeks. You can accept all, part, or none of the federal loan offered to you. Loan
Forgiveness Opportunities HRSA Nurse Faculty Loan Program (NFLP) The Nurse Faculty Loan Program (NFLP) is a loan
forgiveness program that prepares and trains qualified nurse educators to fill faculty vacancies and raise the number
of trained nurses entering the workforce. Students can receive up to $35,500 per year in funding for up to 5 years.
This loan program can provide up to 85% loan forgiveness (plus interest thereon) upon completion of up to four years of
full-time employment after graduation from an advanced education nursing degree program.HRSA NURSE FACULTY LOAN PROGRAM
Health Resources and Services Administration (HRSA) Workforce Connector Graduates can use the Health Resources and
Services Administration (HRSA) Workforce Connector to find jobs with loan repayment.HRSA WORKFORCE CONNECTOR Financial
Aid for Undocumented Students Although undocumented students do not have legal U.S. immigration status, which prevents
them from receiving state (Cal Grant) and federal (FAFSA) financial aid, USF is committed to supporting all students
regardless of the identities they hold. The School of Nursing and Health Professions has several scholarship
opportunities for applicants that are granted based on need and merit. Candidates are eligible to apply for
scholarships upon submission of their application for admission. Your application will be handled with the utmost
confidentiality and care. For questions regarding the application process, please contact please contact Bing Li,
bli47@usfca.edu. USF has joined with the Association of Jesuit Colleges and Universities to express their unwavering
support for Undocumented students. If you would like to read the full Association of Jesuit Colleges and Universities
statement please visit the following link: AJCU President's Statement. The list below consists of some internal and
external scholarships and resources such as search databases available to undocumented students: USF Jesuit Community
Magis Endowed Scholarship for Undocumented/DACA Graduate Students - The USF Jesuit community offers scholarships to
undocumented graduate students with a maximum of $1,000 awarded. Deadline: Rolling Paul & Daisy Soros Fellowships for
New Americans - Supports 30 New Americans, immigrants or the children of immigrants, who are pursuing graduate school
in the United States. Each Fellowship supports one to two years of graduate study in any field and in any advanced
degree-granting program in the United States. Deadline: 10/29/20 Manos De Esperanza Scholarship - The Manos de
Esperanza organization grants scholarships to students that have a history of performing public service activities in
their communities and who plan on contributing in the future. Students who demonstrate excellent leadership skills are
highly encouraged to apply. Deadline: 6/30/20 MPOWER Global Citizen Scholarship - For international students or DACA
students who are currently enrolled or accepted to study full-time degree programs at a school MPOWER supports. The
scholarship award ranges from $1,000-$3,000. Deadline: December 31, 2020 ADDITIONAL RESOURCES FOR UNDOCUMENTED STUDENTS
External Scholarships Nurse Corps Scholarship Program - This Nurse Corps scholarship is for any future Psychiatric
full-time service commitment at a health care facility with a critical shortage of nurses. AACN Scholarship - Two
scholarships in the amount of $2,500 will be awarded twice yearly to students pursuing professional nursing degrees.
Recovery Village HealthCare Scholarship - Nursing students interested in substance abuse or mental health may be
eligible to receive $1,000 HealthCare Leadership Scholarship - Any student currently enrolled in a healthcare related
undergraduate, graduate or doctorate level program is eligible. Award amounts up to $1000. DiversityNursing Education
Award - This $5000 award is available to students enrolled in an accredited School of Nursing in a professional
registered nurse program (baccalaureate, graduate, associate degree or diploma) OR work Full-Time, Part-Time or Per
Diem as a Registered Nurse, LPN, Nurse Practitioner or Nurse Leader/Administrator at a U.S. based organization. Nursing
License Map - An extensive list of over 350 nursing scholarships, grants, and loan repayment programs. Resources for
Undocumented Students The Hispanic Health Professional Student Scholarship E4FC Hispanic Scholarship Fund HS Finder
Scholarship Search Fastweb Scholarship Search MALDEF Scholarship Salef Scholarship WACAC Scholarship Guide Scholarship
94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external)
Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Careers at USF Contact Us Directory News & Media
Academics Academic Calendar Bookstore Course Catalog Library Campus Campus Safety Maps & Directions Title IX Virtual
of San Francisco
Title: Scholarships & Tuition - Business Administration - Executive, MBA | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/management/programs/graduate/mba/executive/scholarships 
 Scholarships & Tuition - Business Administration - Executive, MBA | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu
Search Enter a Search Term Search: Visit usfca.edu Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics
Alumni Giving Our Difference Mission & Vision Our Leadership Our Faculty Accreditation Locations School News From the
Dean's Desk Our Programs Undergraduate Programs Accounting, BSBA Business Analytics Entrepreneurship & Innovation, BSBA
Finance Hospitality Management International Business Management Management, BAM Degree Continuation Marketing Graduate
Programs Entrepreneurship and Innovation, MS Information Systems, MS Marketing Intelligence, MS MBA Programs
Organization Development, MS Executive Education Business Analytics Certified Customer Success Manager Courses
Corporate Innovation Custom Programs Silicon Valley Immersion Engagement & Impact Gellert Family Business Center Malloy
Group for Organizational Science Consulting School Life Undergraduate Life Graduate Life Graduate Career Services The
Office of Student Success and Engagement USF Bloomberg Lab Graduate Admission & Aid How To Apply International
Applicants Transfer Applicants Deadlines Financial Aid MBA Referral Scholarship Events FAQ Business Administration -
MBA Programs Executive MBA Scholarships & Tuition Tuition estimates are based on the number of units required by each
program and may vary according to the number of classes in which a student is enrolled. The Executive MBA program is a
cohort-based model in which all students in the cohort enroll in the same set of courses each semester. All tuition
rates are subject to change. Business Administration - Executive, MBA Business Administration - Executive, MBA Program
Overview Faculty Experiential Learning Student Experience Career Outcomes Scholarships & Tuition How to Apply REQUEST
INFO APPLY NOW REQUEST APPLY VISIT Merit Scholarships Merit scholarships are awarded to students who have demonstrated
superior academic and/or professional achievements, and outstanding talent or commitment to extracurricular activities,
community service, leadership, entrepreneurship. Merit Scholars should also fully embody the USF mission to change the
world for the better. The University of San Francisco School of Management greatly values diversity and offers merit
scholarships to applicants from regions and countries around the globe that embrace regular interaction with different
cultures and societies. View full list of merit scholarships MBA Referral Scholarship As a member of our community you
are invited to refer potential candidates to our EMBA and MBA Programs. Those who get referred will not only benefit
from the high-quality education and networking opportunities, they will also benefit with a reduced cost of attendance.
There is no limit to the number of referrals that can be made. Make a Referral All-Inclusive Tuition Includes Meals
Parking downtown on class days Networking events International trip for Global Business Practicum * Membership to the
Koret Health and Recreation Center * Students are responsible for the cost of international airfare to/from the
destination and meals not listed in the travel itinerary. Official Rate Page of Tuition and Fees for Graduates School
of Management Executive MBA Scholarships The USF School of Management offers a number of partial-tuition scholarships
to its MBA applicants. Please complete the scholarship statement portion of your application and address your unique
qualifications for these awards. For more information, please contact us at (415) 422-2715 or emba@usfca.edu Ernest and
Scharleen Colant Endowed Scholarship This scholarship was established by Ernest and Scharleen Colant, who were members
of the Rotary Club of San Francisco. This scholarship is awarded to an incoming Full-Time, Part-Time, or Executive MBA
student that graduated from a San Francisco high school and is employed by an academic institution or not-for-profit
organization. Once selected, scholarship recipient(s) are required to attend a meeting of the SF Rotary Club and
provide future updates of their studies. Hothem Esposito Scholarship The Hothem Esposito Scholarship is based on both
merit and financial need, with a preference given to women pursuing careers in management and leadership who will help
to shape a more just and humane world without gender bias. Laura D. Sypin Memorial Scholarship The Laura D. Sypin
Memorial Scholarship is awarded to a female MBA student who is currently employed or who wishes to re-enter the
workplace by earning an MBA degree. The USF School of Management is an advocate for women in business, please describe
how an MBA will impact not just you but other women looking to enhance their careers. Richard Puntillo First Generation
Scholarship Established by a generous donation from Richard D. Puntillo, Professor Emeritus, an expert witness in
numerous litigation matters involving initial public offerings (IPOs), mergers and acquisitions (M&A) transactions,
venture capital, and private equity deals. Professor Puntillo used his personal experiences when teaching corporate
financial decision making, giving his students the opportunity and financial tools to become more successful,
responsible business professionals. The Richard Puntillo First Generation Scholarship is awarded to an MBA student who
is in the first generation of his or her family to attend college, with priority given to students who completed their
undergraduate business education at USF. Site Footer 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-6771 Follow
us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external)
YouTube (link is external) Connect Careers at USF Contact Us Directory News & Media Academics Academic Calendar
Bookstore Course Catalog Library Campus Campus Safety Maps & Directions Title IX Virtual Tour Apply Give to USF Visit
Title: Financial Resources - School of Education | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/education/admission-aid/financial-resources 
 Financial Resources - School of Education | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search
Term Search: Visit usfca.edu Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Our
Difference Our Vision Our People Leadership Our Faculty Locations Sacramento Santa Rosa South Bay East Bay School News
Our Programs Master's Programs Doctoral Programs Certificates Academic Support Research & Centers CalEPIC Consortium
Center for Humanizing Education and Research About Us Events Faculty College Access Programs Educational Talent Search
Resources McGrath Institute for Jesuit Catholic Education Scholarships USF Community Mental Health Clinic School Life
Community Engagement & Activism Graduate Housing Organizations & Activities Student Ambassadors Student Events Student
Services Admission & Aid Application Requirements Deadlines Events & Fairs CBEST & CSET Resources Immunization
Requirements Teaching Weekends DACA & Undocumented Students International Students Frequently Asked Questions Financial
Resources Admission & Aid Financial Resources Home School of Education Admission & Aid Financial Resources On This page
Scholarships for Doctoral Programs State and Federal Resources External Resources Federal financial aid, state, and
university resources are available as funding to newly admitted and current USF School of Education students. In order
to offset the cost of graduate education tuition, many School of Education courses are offered in the late afternoon
and evening, and/or on alternating weekends. Most students find they can maintain a full time job while earning their
student teaching) or to complete a fieldwork or traineeship experience, such commitments will interfere with a normal
workday. Please consult your intended program of study for more information. Note: Students enrolled in the School of
Education's Certificate programs are not eligible for federal financial aid (FAFSA). General Scholarships The following
scholarships are available to all USF School of Education master's or doctoral students. Applicants must meet the
eligibility requirements outlined in the scholarship description. Admission Scholarship Newly admitted students may
receive scholarships to cover between one and six credits of tuition* in the first year of their program. All accepted
include endowments from the SOE general scholarship fund. Social Justice Scholarship This scholarship program
recognizes and encourages USF School of Education students who are and/or seek to be transformative change agents in
their schools, professions and communities. This scholarship is awarded to any School of Education graduate student who
demonstrates outstanding dedication and vision for equitable conditions in schools and communities, domestically and
internationally. Selected students can receive up to three credits of tuition.* Scholarship open to continuing students
only; newly admitted students are not eligible to apply in their first semester.READ DETAILS AND APPLY ON MYUSF *
Scholarship funds include endowments from the SOE general scholarship fund. Graduate Assistantship The School of
Education awards a number of Graduate Assistantships each year, allowing students to work with a Faculty Mentor in the
areas of research, teaching or professional development. Selected students will be paid an hourly rate of $16.39*
(subject to change) for up to 200 hours per fiscal year (hours must be utilized by May 20). Graduate assistantships
open to continuing students only; newly admitted students are not eligible to apply. READ DETAILS AND APPLY ON MYUSF *
Scholarship funds include endowments from the SOE general scholarship fund. Conference Presentation Stipend All
currently enrolled master's and doctoral School of Education students are eligible to apply for the Conference
Presentation Stipend to assist in conference expenses. Applications will be reviewed by the applicant's department
chairperson and faculty members. The stipend cannot exceed $200 per term. READ DETAILS AND APPLY ON MYUSF Fellowship
for African Students The Fellowship for African Students was established in honor of Fr. Martin Muruli. This fellowship
provides up to $6,000 during each semester ($18,000 per academic year) for students from African countries currently
enrolled in a School of Education graduate program. Priority will be given to students from Kenya. Continuing and newly
admitted students are welcome to apply. READ DETAILS AND APPLY ON MYUSF School of Education Undocumented Student
Scholarship The School of Education is pleased to offer financial support to incoming and current undocumented and
DACAmented students enrolled in any School of Education program (Hilltop or regional campuses). In recognition of the
social change efforts that many of our undocumented students are engaged in, the scholarship responds to the social,
cultural and political stressors undocumented and DACAmented students face. Awards will be given in the amount of up to
$5,000 dollars. Continuing and newly admitted students are welcome to apply. READ DETAILS AND APPLY ON MYUSF Return to
reduced tuition fee. Learn More Scholarships for Credential Programs School Counseling MA with Pupil Personnel Services
Credential Teaching - MAT with Credential Teaching - Educational Technology with Credential MA Teaching - San Francisco
Teaching Residency with Credential MA Teaching - Urban Education & Social Justice with Credential MA Special Education
MA with Mild/Moderate Education Specialist Credential Teaching - Concentration in Catholic Education with Credential MA
Teaching - Teaching Reading with Credential MA Teaching - TESOL with Credential MA Scholarships for Non-Credential
Multicultural Education MA Organization & Leadership MA Educational Technology MA Human Rights Education MA Marriage &
Family Therapy MA TESOL MA Scholarships for Doctoral Programs Catholic Educational Leadership EdD Learning &
Instruction EdD International & Multicultural Ed EdD Organization & Leadership EdD State and Federal Resources The
following programs are administered by various agencies in the State of California and around the United States. Please
consult each program's website for further information. Assumption Program of Loans for Education (APLE) The APLE
program is a state-funded competitive teacher incentive program administered by the California Student Aid Commission.
It is primarily designed to encourage outstanding students who want to become K-12 teachers in subject areas where a
critical shortage has been identified (such as math, science and special education) or in designated schools that meet
the criteria established by the Superintendent of Public Instruction (such as low income and low performing schools).
Students must be nominated for APLE, and nominations are not made until after students begin an approved teacher
preparation program at USF. Visit the APLE site Cal Grant Program If you are currently an undergraduate student with a
Cal Grant A or B and plan to enroll in a teacher credential program, you may be eligible to renew your Cal Grant award
for an additional year. The additional year of payment is provided to students who are seeking an initial teaching
credential and cannot be used for other graduate level courses of study. Visit the Cal Grant site Perkins Loan
Forgiveness You qualify for cancellation (discharge) of up to 100 percent of a Federal Perkins Loan if: you have served
full-time in a public or nonprofit elementary or secondary school system as a teacher in a school serving students from
low-income families; or you are a special-education teacher, including teachers of infants, toddlers, children, or
youth with disabilities; or you are a teacher in the fields of mathematics, science, foreign languages, or bilingual
education, or in any other field of expertise determined by a state education agency to have a shortage of qualified
teachers in that state. Visit the Perkins Loan site Stafford Loan Forgiveness Program for Teachers The Teacher Loan
Forgiveness program is intended to encourage individuals to enter and continue in the teaching profession. Under this
program, individuals who teach full-time for five consecutive, complete academic years in certain elementary and
secondary schools that serve low-income families and meet other qualifications may be eligible for forgiveness of up to
a combined total of $17,500 in principal and interest on their Federal Family Education Loan and/or Direct Loan program
loans. Find out more Teach Grant The TEACH Grant provides up to $4,000 per year to graduate students who are completing
course work needed to begin a career in teaching. visit the teach grant site Troops to Teachers Program (TTT) Troops to
Teachers is a U.S. Department of Education and Department of Defense program that helps eligible military veterans
begin new careers as teachers in K-12 public, private, and charter schools where their skills, knowledge, and
experience are most needed. State and regional Troops to Teachers offices provide participants with counseling and
assistance regarding certification requirements, routes to state certification, and employment leads. Additionally,
generous financial assistance may be provided to eligible individuals who wish to serve as teachers in schools serving
a high percentage of students from low-income families. find out more External Resources The following scholarship
resources are not associated with the University of San Francisco and are provided here as a general service to
students. Scholly: Scholarship search tool DREAMer's Roadmap App GRANTS.GOV Search Grants CareerOneStop Scholarship
Finder Site Footer 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external)
Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect
Careers at USF Contact Us Directory News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Bookstore Course Catalog Library Campus
Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Give to USF Visit myUSF Consumer Information Privacy
Title: Humanities Mellon Scholars | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/arts-sciences/programs/undergraduate/mellon-scholars 
 Humanities Mellon Scholars | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Visit
usfca.edu Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Our Difference Mission &
Vision Our Leadership Our Faculty School News Our Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Professional
Certificates Research & Creative Achievement Centers & Institutes Undergraduate Teacher Education Center Autonomous
Vehicles & the City Initiative Facilities & Labs Innovation Hive Writing for a Real World School Life Undergraduate
Experience Graduate Experience Events Critical Diversity Studies Forum Global Feminist Forum Human Rights Film Festival
Davies Forum Graduate Admission How to Apply International Students Financial Aid Dean's Scholarship Tests & Scores
Program Contacts Info Sessions & Events Connect with a Current Student College of Arts and Sciences Humanities Mellon
page Our Partner Institutions Why Should I Become a Mellon Scholar? Requirements How Close is Your Degree? Frequently
Asked Questions Contact Us The Humanities Mellon Scholars program allows selected transfer students from the Foothill
De Anza Community College District and our other partner institutions to study the humanities at USF. This program
offers financial benefits, internships, individual mentorship, and a community of support to assist transfer students
in completing their degrees and enhancing their study of the humanities. This program, funded by the Andrew W. Mellon
Foundation, responds to a growing need for professionals who are skilled in innovation, critical thinking, and problem
solving. Studying the humanities is a powerful way to develop these abilities. By examining the records of human
inquiry that fosters deep knowledge and wisdom about the past and present, and guides them in imagining the future.
Humanities Mellon Scholars complete university transfer requirements at Foothill and De Anza colleges or from their
transfer institutions. Eligible students will be invited to apply, and upon acceptance students are guaranteed a
College De Anza College Why Should I Become a Mellon Scholar? Financial Benefits Humanities Mellon Scholars are
eligible for a USF scholarship of up to $10,000 a year in addition to other financial aid they may receive. They are
also eligible for internship or research assistant positions, paid summer internships, and financial support for course
materials. USF scholarship - up to $10,000 in scholarships before loans per year for maximum of 2 years Research
assistantships - up to $2500 per academic year (maximum of 2 years), per student Financial support for course materials
- up to $150 per semester Mentorship As a Mellon Scholar at USF, students are provided additional services designed to
support their academic success and well-being, including one-on-one mentorship and peer support. Mellon Scholar
Coordinators and faculty meet with students regularly to help navigate course schedules, locate research
assistantships, identify internship opportunities, and guide them through degree completion. Graduate in Two Years
Mellon scholars are guided through course selection and registration in order to stay on track with program
requirements. We have established major pathways for students to help ensure completion of a degree and graduation in a
two-year timeline. Current pre-approved major pathways: Art History/Art Management English (Literature emphasis)
English (Writing emphasis) Fine Arts History Japanese (Foothill only) Philosophy Spanish Requirements Applications are
available only to current Foothill and De Anza Humanities Mellon Scholars. To transfer as a Mellon Scholar you should
complete the following in order to have enough credit to graduate in 2 years from USF: Minimum 2.7 GPA. Foothill
Students Foothill students must have eligibility for ENGL 110, ENGL 1A, ESL 25 or ESL 26 and MATH 105. De Anza Students
De Anza students must demonstrate eligibility for LART 211, READ 211 + EWT 211, ESL 5 or ESL 6 and MATH 114 based on
the regular college placement assessment. Foothill and De Anza Students The equivalent of 64 semester units (96 quarter
units) comprised of the following: A combination of 30 semester units (45 quarter units) USF Core Area B - Math and
Sciences USF Core Area F and C - Arts and Humanities USF Core Area E - Social and Behavioral Sciences A combination of
14 semester units (21 quarter units) USF Core Area A - Public Speaking USF Core Area D - Philosophy, Theology/Religious
Studies and Ethics USF CORE AREAS Core Curriculum 8 additional semester units (12 quarter units) Courses in the core or
major as pre-approved by USF departments. Current pre-approved pathways: Art History/Art Management English (Literature
emphasis) English (Writing emphasis) Fine Arts History Japanese (Foothill only) Philosophy Spanish 2 semester units (18
quarter units) Complete up to level three in language equivalency as evaluated by USF, or additional courses towards
the major pre-approved by USF departments. How Close is Your Degree? Transfer Credit Evaluator Use our transfer credit
evaluator to see which courses you can transfer and how they will apply to your degree. Get Started Frequently Asked
Questions Is USF a quarter or semester school? Semester. Is there a minimum number of units required before applying to
USF? You can apply before completing all required coursework, however, you will need to complete 96 quarter units of
required/approved coursework before starting at USF. See our Transfer Applicants page for more information on
non-Mellon transfer requirements. Who should I contact about the nursing program? The USF Nursing program is not one of
the guaranteed admission majors for Mellon Scholars. However, should you be interested you may contact Abigail
Jelavich, ajelavich@usfca.edu, for more information about Nursing Program transfer admissions. How can Mellon Scholars
learn more about scholarships? Once a Mellon Scholar applies to USF they will receive a full financial package within 2
weeks. USF scholarships are merit based and are often awarded to students with a 3.25 GPA or higher. Need based
financial aid is considered through FAFSA. Will USF accept all California community college courses for all USF majors?
Most community college courses are considered for credit, however, vocational and remedial courses units are not
accepted and there is a cap on how many P.E. units can be applied. If Foothill or DeAnza Community College accepts
units from another school will they be accepted by USF? Not necessarily, USF evaluates all courses taken in house. How
also contact the Mellon Scholar Coordinator to get more information. Undergraduate Programs Contact Us For additional
information about the Mellon Scholars Program, including eligibility and application information, as well information
about major pathways from other community colleges, please contact us. Main Campus Nicole Gonzales Howell, Mellon
Scholar Coordinator ncgonzaleshowell@usfca.edu (415) 422-4984 Kalmanovitz Hall 281 Take the Next Step Request Info
Apply Now Financial Aid Site Footer 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook
(link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is
external) Connect Graduate Admission Careers at USF Contact Us Directory News & Media Academics Academic Calendar
Bookstore Course Catalog Library Campus Campus Safety Maps & Directions Title IX Virtual Tour Apply Give to USF Visit
Title: International Cost of Attendance & Scholarships - International Students | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/admission/undergraduate/international-cost-scholarship 
 International Cost of Attendance & Scholarships - International Students | University of San Francisco Skip to Content
Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni
Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our
Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New
Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our
Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License
Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the
President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs
Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate
Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement
Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate & Professional Experience The Graduate Experience
Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic
Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of Education School of Law School of Management School
of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students
International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate
Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial
Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF
Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art &
Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social
Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought & the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for
Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism
& Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts & Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness
Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop
Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News
Admission International Students International Cost of Attendance There are additional financial requirements for
international students. Make sure you know what to include in your application. Undergraduate Admission First-Year
Students First-Year Students What We Look For AP / IB / College Credit Test Optional ED / EA / RD First-Year Class
Profile First-Year Nursing Admission Transfer Students Transfer Students Transfer Credit Transferable Course Agreements
Nursing Transfer Requirements Engineering Transfer Requirements International Students International Students
International First-Year Students International Transfer Students English Language Proficiency International Cost of
Attendance Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet Your Admission Team Meet Your Admission Team Admission Counselors Student
Ambassadors Admission Events Admission Events Event Recordings REQUEST INFO HOW TO APPLY Visit USF REQUEST APPLY Visit
Estimated Cost of Attendance The estimated cost of attendance includes tuition and fees, housing and meals, health
insurance, books, travel, and personal expenses. Learn more about undergraduate cost of attendance. Certification of
Finances that shows your ability to pay for your first year at USF. Once you have applied to USF, please log in to your
Dons Status Page to complete the USF Certification of Finances form and your supporting financial documents. Documents
are not issued in English. Bank statement(s) must show money held in checking, savings, certificates of deposit, or
money market accounts. Stock/investment/retirement accounts, lines of credit, and income/tax statements cannot be
accepted as proof of available funding. Scholarships provided by your government or other agencies can be used for the
Certification of Finances. Please include a scholarship document or letter provided by the government or agency. If you
are intending to study at USF on a different visa (e.g. E-2, H-4, R-2, etc.), please email a copy of your visa to
amount increases slightly every year. Applicants with a strong academic profile may receive merit scholarships ranging
up to $29,000 USD (first-year students) or $17,000 (transfer students) annually. Your USF Certification of Finances
must show proof of funding to support your cost of attendance. Merit Scholarships Merit scholarships for first-year
students are awarded based on your USF-calculated GPA in core academic subjects. Merit scholarships are renewable each
year for up to four years, as long as you maintain Satisfactory Academic Progress toward your degree. Fall 2024
Presidential Scholarship 3.95 - 4.00 $24,000 Provost Scholarship 3.85 - 3.94 $22,000 Hilltop Scholarship 3.7 - 3.84
$20,000 Ignatius Scholarship 3.45 - 3.69 $18,000 Dons Scholarship 3.0 - 3.44 $16,000 USF automatically considers all
transfer applicants for merit scholarships. These merit scholarships are determined by your transfer GPA at the time of
$8,000 Unfortunately, USF does not offer full tuition scholarships for international students, and international
students are not eligible for need-based financial aid. Financial Aid for U.S. Citizens and Permanent Residents If you
are a U.S. citizen or permanent resident, you are eligible to apply for financial aid. Institute of International
Education Scholarship Directory Funding for US Study Online is a database of scholarships, fellowships, and grants
organized by the Institute of International Education (IIE). International Admission Main Campus
international@usfca.edu (415) 422-6563 Lone Mountain Main 2512800 Turk Blvd.San Francisco, CA 94118 Hours Monday -
Friday: 8:30 a.m. - 5 p.m. Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA
94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external)
Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media
Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title
of San Francisco
Title: Transfer Student Admission | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/admission/undergraduate/transfer 
 Transfer Student Admission | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply
(Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students
Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change
Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's
University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San
Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board
of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create
Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree
Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research
Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate &
Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San
Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of
Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid
Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet
Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate
Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of
Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research
Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching
Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought
& the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms
Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts &
Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment
Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career
Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events UNDERGRADUATE ADMISSION Transfer Student Admission
Home Admission & Aid Undergraduate Admission Transfer Students Transfer to USF Every year, we welcome nearly 500 new
arts education and launch your career in the thriving, diverse, entrepreneurial city of San Francisco. Undergraduate
Admission First-Year Students First-Year Students What We Look For AP / IB / College Credit Test Optional ED / EA / RD
First-Year Class Profile First-Year Nursing Admission Transfer Students Transfer Students Transfer Credit Transferable
Course Agreements Nursing Transfer Requirements Engineering Transfer Requirements International Students International
Students International First-Year Students International Transfer Students English Language Proficiency International
Cost of Attendance Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet Your Admission Team Meet Your Admission Team Admission Counselors
Student Ambassadors Admission Events Admission Events Event Recordings REQUEST INFO APPLY NOW Visit USF REQUEST APPLY
Visit Eligibility and Requirements You can apply as a transfer student if: You have graduated from high school and are
enrolled or have been enrolled at another college or university or; You already have a degree and would like to pursue
a second bachelor's degree In order to be considered for transfer admission, you must: Have completed at least 24
semester or 36 quarter credits of college coursework from a regionally-accredited institution (30 semester or 45
quarter credits for nursing majors). If you have fewer than this, you can still apply to transfer, but a high school
transcript will also be required to complete your application Cumulative college GPA of 2.5 or higher 3.0 GPA minimum
requirement for all engineering majors or Sacramento nursing majors 3.3 GPA minimum requirement for San Francisco
nursing majors Be in academic and disciplinary good standing. USF defines good standing as having a term GPA of 2.00 or
higher in the most recent term completed. Interested in nursing or engineering? Make sure to review our specific
nursing transfer requirements and engineering transfer requirements. Transfer your Credit Plan ahead by reviewing the
courses that will transfer to USF. We have articulation agreements with more than 60 two-year colleges in California
and Seattle, WA. See our transfer credit policies Scholarships for Transfer Students Image USF offers merit
scholarships, Phi Theta Kappa honor society scholarships, and scholarships for students transferring from select
community colleges in the Bay Area.See our Transfer Scholarships How to Apply Submit a transfer application by March 1
(Applications completed after this deadline will be reviewed on a space-available basis). See all dates and deadlines.
You can have your institution send official transcripts to appservices@usfca.edu or mail them to: Office of Admission
University of San Francisco 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117 We also accept unofficial transcripts (in PDF
format only); you can upload them in your application or email them to appservices@usfca.edu. A high school transcript
aid documents. If you intend to apply for need-based financial aid, you must submit a Free Application for Federal
Student Aid (FAFSA) or California Dream Act application (for undocumented students in California). Unfortunately,
financial aid is not available for international transfer students. Apply Now Transfer Credit Evaluator See which
help you estimate your time on campus. International students: This tool only evaluates credit from U.S.-based
institutions. For more information about transferring credit from international schools, please contact
international@usfca.edu. Try it out Talk to our Transfer Team Ready to transfer to USF? Make a transfer admission
be able to give you conditional on-the-spot admission (available for all majors except nursing and engineering). For a
process. Transfer Admission Appointment Transfer Info Session 2024 Transfer Honor Roll Selection Phi Theta Kappa,
international transfer honor society, named USF to its 2024 Transfer Honor Roll in recognition of our support for
transfer students. Carlos Alek Iriarte III '25 Transfer Success Story I was welcomed with open arms and received a
substantial amount of scholarships and aid. I feel truly blessed to be on track to graduate with both my major and
minor in architecture and architectural engineering." Carlos Alek Iriarte III '25 Virtual Tour Financial Aid & Cost
Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Scholarships More Info Majors & Minors Dates & Deadlines Transfer
Brochure Talk to a Counselor Transfer Admission Main Campus transfer@usfca.edu (415) 422-6563 Lone Mountain Main
2512800 Turk Blvd.San Francisco, CA 94118 Hours Monday - Friday: 8:30 a.m. - 5 p.m. Fax (415) 422-2217 Site Footer
University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link
is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is
external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore
Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Visit Give to USF myUSF Consumer Information
Title: USF Wins Record $3.25 Million Grant for Student Scholarships in Nursing and Health Professions | University of
San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/news/record-grant-for-student-scholarships 
 USF Wins Record $3.25 Million Grant for Student Scholarships in Nursing and Health Professions | University of San
Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Visit usfca.edu Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link)
Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Our Difference Mission, Vision & Values Our People Our Leadership
Our Faculty Alumni San Francisco Advantage Accreditation News Offices & Services Employment 70 Years Anniversary 70
Stories of Impact Our History & Sisters of Mercy Our Programs Undergraduate Programs Nursing, BSN Public Health, BS
Graduate Programs Clinical Psychology, PsyD Family Nurse Practitioner, DNP Nursing, MSN Psychiatric Mental Health Nurse
Practitioner, DNP Public Health, MPH Health Systems Leadership, DNP Engagement & Impact Simulation Center & Clinical
Skills Lab Clinical Skills Lab Simulation Center Service Abroad & Immersion Programs Preceptor Program School Life
Events Crawford Lecture Organizations & Activities Admission & Aid Application Deadlines Financing Your Education
International Students Request Information Undocumented Students & DACA Engaged Learning USF Wins Record $3.25 Million
Grant for Student Scholarships in Nursing and Health Professions by Mary McInerney, USF News September 1, 2020 Nursing
student Twenty-five nursing students will receive scholarships over the next five years thanks to a $3.25 million grant
from the U.S. Human Resources and Services Administration (HRSA) to the USF School of Nursing and Health Professions
(SONHP). The Scholarships for Disadvantaged Students (SDS) grant provides the scholarships, beginning in the 2020-2021
nursing program. The SONHP will recruit students, provide support for college entrance, and prepare the students to
become registered nurses, with a goal of preparing more health care practitioners who go on to work with medically
forward by working in underserved communities and learning how these scholarships are created, so that I can assist
of a $2.4 million HRSA grant in 2019 that provides funding for nurse practitioner students and teachers, aiming to
include behavioral health services in primary care for people in rural and medically underserved counties in
our commitment to address the lack of ethnic, racial, and cultural diversity in nursing practice, research, education,
This USF News story was published in USF Magazine, where you can find feature stories about university life, alumni
Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external)
LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Careers at USF Contact Us
Directory News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Bookstore Course Catalog Library Campus Campus Safety Maps &
Directions Title IX Virtual Tour Apply Give to USF Visit myUSF Consumer Information Privacy Statement Web Accessibility
Title: First-Year Students Honored with Scholarships | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/news/first-year-students-honored-scholarships 
 First-Year Students Honored with Scholarships | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search
Term Search: Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link)
(Menu Link) Students Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit
Roots Agents for Change Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral
San Francisco's University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus
Downtown San Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President &
Leadership Board of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics
Learn to Create Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs
Dual Degree Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support
Undergraduate Research Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions
Advising Graduate & Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates
Executive Education The San Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of
Arts & Sciences School of Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries
Admission & Aid Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates &
Deadlines Meet Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources
International Graduate Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price
Calculator Types of Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty &
Student Research Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies
Center for Teaching Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for
Catholic Social Thought & the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good
Innovation Labs Star Route Farms Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City
The Campus Experience Arts & Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student
Activities Student Employment Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing
Dining on Campus Career Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events Faculty & Staff Achievements
Bay Area Minority Law Student Scholarship at an Oct. 11 reception. He was one of four recipients who were selected
based on financial need, academics, commitment to public service, and overcoming barriers. His scholarship was
sponsored by PG&E. Mora is a first-generation American whose parents immigrated from Mexico. He received his bachelors
& Jacob LLP Scholar at a Sept. 22 reception that also featured California Supreme Court Justice Tani Cantil-Sakauye.
school, were presented to 21 California law students who demonstrated academic excellence, financial need, and
commitment to the community. Recipients were selected from a pool of more than 150 applicants that hail from diverse
communities underrepresented in the legal profession. Rollan, who grew up in the Philippines, delivered donated books
to poor local children as a child. Since immigrating to the United States at age 14, he has volunteered at a senior
Awards 2011 booklet. The scholarship helps aspiring public interest lawyers pay for costs associated with taking the
California Bar Exam. Share Copy Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Email more news Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo
2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is
external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us
Directory Careers at USF News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps &
Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Visit Give to USF myUSF Consumer Information Privacy Statement Web
Title: Prof. Bill Hing Appointed Associate Dean for Faculty Scholarship | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/news/prof-bill-hing-appointed-associate-dean-faculty-scholarship 
 Prof. Bill Hing Appointed Associate Dean for Faculty Scholarship | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu
Search Enter a Search Term Search: Visit usfca.edu Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) JD LLM & Grad Tax Visit Law Library
Giving Alumni & Friends Our Difference Our Campus Our Mission & History Our People Faculty & Impact Leadership Quick
Facts Consumer Information (ABA Required Disclosures) Directory San Francisco Advantage Our Programs JD Program
Full-Time Part-Time Dual Degree Programs Certificates LLM & Graduate Tax Programs Intellectual Property & Technology
Law, LLM International Transactions & Comparative Law, LLM Master of Legal Studies in Taxation, MLST Taxation, LLM
Academic Services Areas of Study Alternative Dispute Resolution Animal Law Constitutional Law Corporate & Commercial
Law Criminal Law & Procedure Discrimination Law Environmental & Energy Law Estate Planning & Family Law Immigration Law
Intellectual Property, Technology, & Entrepreneurship Law International & Comparative Law Labor & Employment Law
Litigation & Trial Advocacy Public Interest & Social Justice Sports, Entertainment, & the Arts Taxation Law School Life
& Careers Career Services Find Your Path Market Yourself Get Hands-On Experience Build Your Network Hire USF Law Career
Services Team Health & Wellness Housing at St. Anne's Organizations & Associations Public Service & Social Justice
Centers & Programs Center for Contemplative Law & Ethics Center for Law, Tech, and Social Good The McAuliffe Honor
Society Work Law & Justice Program Events Publications School of Law News Engaged Learning Externships Intensive
Advocacy Program Keta Taylor Colby Death Penalty Project Law Clinics Legal Research, Writing & Analysis Moot Court
First Year Program Advanced Moot Court Advocacy Competition Teams Volunteer Registration Student-Run Academic Journals
Admissions & Aid JD Admissions JD Application Requirements Admissions Policy Class Profile FAQ Honors Leadership
Program Admissions Events Admitted Students LLM & Graduate Tax Admissions LLM in Intellectual Property & Technology Law
Applicants LLM in International Transactions & Comparative Law Applicants LLM in Taxation Applicants Master of Legal
Studies in Taxation Applicants Tuition & Financial Aid Tuition & Financial Aid for JD Tuition & Financial Aid for LLM &
Grad Tax Law Student Veterans Plan a Visit Detailed Driving Directions Public Transportation Directions Faculty & Staff
Achievements Prof. Bill Hing Appointed Associate Dean for Faculty Scholarship by School of Law August 23, 2024
associate dean for faculty scholarship. He stepped into the role on August 1 and is tasked with supporting and
two years. Image Professor Bill Ong HingFor five decades, Hing has been a towering figure in the field of immigration
law. He has published more than 55 scholarly articles and 12 books, including his most recent book, Humanizing
Immigration: How to Transform Our Racist and Unjust System(2023). Since his USF Law graduation in 1974, Hing has
dedicated his career to championing the rights of immigrants and asylum seekers. Reflecting on the intersection of his
throughout my career--including with the current immigration clinics at USF. And my community work that involves
collaboration with immigrants and refugees and with community allies informs what I write about and what's important to
from other law schools who will give presentations and receive feedback from USF Law faculty. Hing sees these sessions
work. His influence and renown extend far beyond the legal community and we are fortunate to have him supporting our
Footer 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-6307 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram
(link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Careers at
USF Contact Us Directory News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Bookstore Course Catalog Library Apply Give to USF
Title: Scholarships & Aid - Teaching Reading Master's Program with Credential, MA | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/education/programs/masters/teaching-reading/scholarships-aid 
 Scholarships & Aid - Teaching Reading Master's Program with Credential, MA | University of San Francisco Skip to
Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Visit usfca.edu Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate
Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Our Difference Our Vision Our People Leadership Our Faculty Locations Sacramento Santa
Rosa South Bay East Bay School News Our Programs Master's Programs Doctoral Programs Certificates Academic Support
Research & Centers CalEPIC Consortium Center for Humanizing Education and Research About Us Events Faculty College
Access Programs Educational Talent Search Resources McGrath Institute for Jesuit Catholic Education Scholarships USF
Community Mental Health Clinic School Life Community Engagement & Activism Graduate Housing Organizations & Activities
Student Ambassadors Student Events Student Services Admission & Aid Application Requirements Deadlines Events & Fairs
CBEST & CSET Resources Immunization Requirements Teaching Weekends DACA & Undocumented Students International Students
Frequently Asked Questions Financial Resources Teaching Reading Master's Program with Credential, MA Scholarships & Aid
Scholarships & Aid In addition to general School of Education scholarships, teaching credential students may also be
eligible for the following program-specific funding opportunities. Catholic Educator Reduced Tuition rate A 40% reduced
tuition rate is available to students who are Catholic school employees, teachers, or volunteers, or students who are
connected to a Catholic organization and who are applying to a USF teacher credential program. Continuing and newly
admitted students are welcome to apply. View Eligibility Criteria, Deadlines, and Application on myUSF Teaching Reading
Master's Program with Credential, MA Teaching Reading Master's Program with Credential, MA Program Overview Bilingual
Authorization Certification Credentials Certificate / RLAA Summer Reading Program Internships Faculty Students Careers
SFUSD Discount Scholarships & Aid How to Apply Request Info Apply Now REQUEST APPLY The Golden State Teacher Grant
program (GSTG) The Golden State Teacher Grant program (GSTG) is for students who are currently enrolled in a teacher
preparation program to earn a preliminary credential in a high need field and commit to teach at a priority school, in
California for four years, within five years after completing a teacher preparation program. PLEASE NOTE: To apply for
the program, please go to https://gstg.csac.ca.gov/. Marin Diverse Educator Scholarship The Marin Diverse Educator
Scholarship supports USF teaching credential candidates who intend to work as a teacher in Marin County public schools.
The scholarship recipient will receive $20,000 towards their first year of tuition at USF. Preference toward Marin
Freedom School Teachers and teachers with a background in Math or Science. Candidates pursuing other subject matter
content areas are welcome to apply. Newly admitted students are welcome to apply. View Eligibility Criteria, Deadlines,
and Application on myUSF Ricardo P. Molinari Endowment Scholarship The Ricardo P. Molinari Endowment Scholarship fund
is for a single or multiple subject USF teacher education student who is full-time, in good standing, and has
demonstrated financial need. Three awards of $2,750 each are available to continuing students (newly admitted students
are not eligible). View Eligibility Criteria, Deadlines, and Application on myUSF SFUSD Discount We will offer a
San Francisco (Hilltop) campus. Students must meet eligibility requirements. Continuing and newly admitted students are
welcome to apply. View Eligibility Criteria, Deadlines, and Application on myUSF TEACH Grant The TEACH Grant provide up
to $4,000 per year to graduate students who are completing coursework needed to begin a career in teaching. Continuing
and newly admitted students are welcome to apply. View Eligibility Criteria, Deadlines, and Application on myUSF USF
and Presidio Hill School Teacher Apprentice Program Students accepted to the USF and Presidio Hill School Teacher
and California teaching credential from the USF School of Education. Apprentices work with their master teacher for the
full school week and attend graduate courses at USF in the evening. Apprentices receive a $25,000 per year stipend and
ongoing classroom support. This program enrolls every other year and is open only to newly admitted students. View
Eligibility Criteria, Deadlines, and Application State Resources and Federal Resources The following programs are
administered by various agencies in the State of California and around the United States. Please consult each program's
website for further information. Cal Grant Program If you are currently an undergraduate student with a Cal Grant A or
B and plan to enroll in a teacher credential program, you may be eligible to renew your Cal Grant award for an
additional year. The additional year of payment is provided to students who are seeking an initial teaching credential
and cannot be used for other graduate level courses of study. Perkins Loan Forgiveness You qualify for cancellation
(discharge) of up to 100 percent of a Federal Perkins Loan if: you have served full-time in a public or nonprofit
elementary or secondary school system as a teacher in a school serving students from low-income families; or you are a
special-education teacher, including teachers of infants, toddlers, children, or youth with disabilities; or you are a
teacher in the fields of mathematics, science, foreign languages, or bilingual education, or in any other field of
expertise determined by a state education agency to have a shortage of qualified teachers in that state. Stafford Loan
Forgiveness Program for Teachers The Teacher Loan Forgiveness program is intended to encourage individuals to enter and
continue in the teaching profession. Under this program, individuals who teach full-time for five consecutive, complete
academic years in certain elementary and secondary schools that serve low-income families and meet other qualifications
may be eligible for forgiveness of up to a combined total of $17,500 in principal and interest on their Federal Family
Education Loan and/or Direct Loan program loans. Teach Grant The TEACH Grant provides up to $4,000 per year to graduate
students who are completing course work needed to begin a career in teaching. School of Education Main Campus
p.m. Site Footer 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external)
Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect
Careers at USF Contact Us Directory News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Bookstore Course Catalog Library Campus
Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Give to USF Visit myUSF Consumer Information Privacy
Title: MBA Referral Scholarship - School of Management | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/management/graduate-admission-aid/financial-aid/mba-referral-scholarship 
 MBA Referral Scholarship - School of Management | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a
Search Term Search: Visit usfca.edu Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving
Our Difference Mission & Vision Our Leadership Our Faculty Accreditation Locations School News From the Dean's Desk Our
Programs Undergraduate Programs Accounting, BSBA Business Analytics Entrepreneurship & Innovation, BSBA Finance
Hospitality Management International Business Management Management, BAM Degree Continuation Marketing Graduate
Programs Entrepreneurship and Innovation, MS Information Systems, MS Marketing Intelligence, MS MBA Programs
Organization Development, MS Executive Education Business Analytics Certified Customer Success Manager Courses
Corporate Innovation Custom Programs Silicon Valley Immersion Engagement & Impact Gellert Family Business Center Malloy
Group for Organizational Science Consulting School Life Undergraduate Life Graduate Life Graduate Career Services The
Office of Student Success and Engagement USF Bloomberg Lab Graduate Admission & Aid How To Apply International
Applicants Transfer Applicants Deadlines Financial Aid MBA Referral Scholarship Events FAQ MASAGUNG GRADUATE SCHOOL OF
Scholarship The best ways to spread the word about the MBA programs is through the MBA community. Graduate Admission &
Aid How To Apply How To Apply International Applicants Transfer Applicants Deadlines Financial Aid Financial Aid MBA
Referral Scholarship Events FAQ As a member of our community you are invited to refer potential candidates to our EMBA
and MBA Programs. Those who get referred will not only benefit from the high-quality education and networking
opportunities, they will also benefit with a reduced cost of attendance. How It Works Refer a friend, family member, or
colleague who may be interested in pursuing an MBA or EMBA degree in the Masagung Graduate School of Management. If
they apply and are accepted into our EMBA program, they will receive a $5,000 tuition credit toward their first
semester. If they apply to the Part-Time MBA program and are accepted, then a $2,500 credit will be applied to their
first semester. Requirements Only new incoming students are eligible for the referral scholarship. Referrals must be
submitted prior to the student's application and not valid for the enrolled students. The scholarship award is valid
for referred students for the semester they apply. USF employees and their spouses and dependents are not eligible for
this award. There is no limit to the number of referrals that can be made! To make a referral, simply complete the
referral form. Alternatively, the applicant's contact information can be sent to Imelda Guzman De Anda at
iguzmandeanda@usfca.edu. We thank you for your participation in the Masagung MBA community. Make A Referral Site Footer
2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-6771 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is
external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Careers at USF
Contact Us Directory News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Bookstore Course Catalog Library Campus Campus Safety
Maps & Directions Title IX Virtual Tour Apply Give to USF Visit myUSF Consumer Information Privacy Statement Web
Title: Giving Scholarships | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/giving/scholarships 
 Giving Scholarships | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply (Menu
Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students
Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change
Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's
University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San
Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board
of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create
Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree
Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research
Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate &
Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San
Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of
Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid
Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet
Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate
Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of
Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research
Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching
Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought
& the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms
Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts &
Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment
Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career
Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events YOU CAN CHANGE THE WORLD, ONE SCHOLARSHIP AT A TIME.
ONE STUDENT AT A TIME. Scholarships Home Giving What to Support Scholarships By supporting USF scholarships, you help
provide students the opportunity for a transformational Jesuit education. Giving How to Give Contact Us Your Impact
Your Impact Giving Societies Women in Leadership & Philanthropy What to Support What to Support Scholarships The USF
Fund Gift Planning Matching Gifts Day of the Dons Give Today Your Support is Important More than 70 percent of
undergraduate students are awarded financial aid to attend USF. Your gift provides an opportunity for 36 percent of USF
students who are the first in their families to attend college. The university has a tradition of ensuring that
Change Lives Donor support allows me to be the best version of myself and excel in and out of the classroom. I've
students at USF. Give today. Regional Scholarships Support students from your region with a gift to one of the seven
regional scholarships: East Bay, North Bay, Peninsula/Silicon Valley, San Francisco, Santa Cruz, Southern California,
or Hawaii. Support these scholarships today: East Bay Alumni Regional Scholarship North Bay Alumni Regional Scholarship
Peninsula/Silicon Valley Alumni Regional Scholarship San Francisco Alumni Regional Endowed Scholarship Southern
California Alumni Regional Scholarship Santa Cruz County Alumni Regional Scholarship African American Scholarship A
scholarship that supports full-time, undergraduate African American students, in good standing, with demonstrated
financial need. Give today. Scholarships for DACA Students The Fr. Privett Endowed Scholarship supports DACA students
at the undergraduate level, and the Jesuit Community Magis Endowed Scholarship supports DACA students at the graduate
level. Give today to the Fr. Privett Endowed Scholarship and the Jesuit Community Magis Endowed Scholarship Fund. Saber
es Poder Scholarship A scholarship for Latino students with demonstrated financial need who exemplify academic
achievement, leadership, and the desire to make a real difference through service to their communities. Give today. San
Francisco Dons Fund Scholarship A scholarship to support student athletes at USF. Give today. Graduate Scholarships
Support graduate students in the School of Education, the School of Nursing and Health Professions, the School of Law,
or the School of Management. Find out more: College of Arts and Sciences Graduate Scholarships School of Education
Graduate Scholarships School of Law Scholarship Fund School of Management Graduate Scholarship School of Nursing and
Health Professions Graduate Scholarship Office of Development Main Campus (415) 422-5623 2130 Fulton StreetLone
Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external)
Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect
Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus
Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Visit Give to USF myUSF Consumer Information Privacy
Title: Alumni Gift Secures $1 Million Match for Scholarships | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/news/match-gift-for-scholarships 
 Alumni Gift Secures $1 Million Match for Scholarships | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter
a Search Term Search: Visit usfca.edu Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni
Giving Our Difference Mission & Vision Our Leadership Our Faculty Accreditation Locations School News From the Dean's
Desk Our Programs Undergraduate Programs Accounting, BSBA Business Analytics Entrepreneurship & Innovation, BSBA
Finance Hospitality Management International Business Management Management, BAM Degree Continuation Marketing Graduate
Programs Entrepreneurship and Innovation, MS Information Systems, MS Marketing Intelligence, MS MBA Programs
Organization Development, MS Executive Education Business Analytics Certified Customer Success Manager Courses
Corporate Innovation Custom Programs Silicon Valley Immersion Engagement & Impact Gellert Family Business Center Malloy
Group for Organizational Science Consulting School Life Undergraduate Life Graduate Life Graduate Career Services The
Office of Student Success and Engagement USF Bloomberg Lab Graduate Admission & Aid How To Apply International
Applicants Transfer Applicants Deadlines Financial Aid MBA Referral Scholarship Events FAQ Giving Alumni Gift Secures
$1 Million Match for Scholarships by Mary Mcinerney, Office of Development Communications November 1, 2017 New endowed
scholarship opportunities will be available for School of Management students as a result of the bequest gift from
Frank D. Matousek '62. A bequest gift from a 1962 graduate of the university has helped USF secure a $1 million match
gift for scholarships that will support students in the School of Management. USF received the $1,165,355 bequest gift
from Frank D. Matousek to create an endowed scholarship to support future USF students pursuing degrees in the School
of Management. His legacy support means USF will receive an additional $1 million match from another donor. The bequest
gift from Mr. Matousek, who passed away in 2015, helped the university complete a funding goal for the School of
USF Mr. Matousek was born in 1925 in the Czech Republic (formerly Czechoslovakia) and was the son of a grocer who
emigrated to Australia and then to the United States. He graduated from USF in 1962 with a degree in Accounting from
the USF School of Management. He had a successful 25-year career as an accountant with the IRS. In his later years, he
lived in Florida and always had a great fondness for USF. Mr. Matousek credited his career success to his USF
education. The match gift, meanwhile, has its roots more than three decades ago with an alumni couple, April and Phil
Cassou, who offered to pay tuition for a young student who was admitted to the MBA program but had no money to pay for
it. As graduates of USF themselves, the Cassous knew the importance of education, and they wanted to give a promising
student a chance. The generosity of the Cassous continued, and they established a scholarship for MBA students at USF,
the Cassou-Shan Endowed Scholarship. It was endowed in 1992. In 2015, an anonymous donor created the match challenge
for the Cassou-Shan Scholarship, pledging a $1 million challenge. To help build the scholarship, the donor offered to
pay $1 for every $2 contributed by other donors. As a result of the challenge, USF ultimately raised more than $3
million for endowed scholarships, with $1 million coming from the bequest of Mr. Matousek and $1 million coming from a
group of gifts from other donors. Continuing to Transform Lives The Cassou-Shan endowed scholarship is awarded annually
to a top student with demonstrated need to complete an MBA. An annual scholarship, it recognizes a student who has
demonstrated unique promise, exceptional intelligence, and outstanding personal discipline. Dozens of students have
supporting the School of Management This gift was made in support of Changing the World from Here: Campaign for the
University of San Francisco. Giving A New Horizon for the Health & Life Sciences Giving Synergy in Science: Diez Cancer
Share Copy Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Email more news Site Footer 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA
94117-1080415-422-6771 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external)
Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Careers at USF Contact Us Directory News & Media
Academics Academic Calendar Bookstore Course Catalog Library Campus Campus Safety Maps & Directions Title IX Virtual
of San Francisco
Title: Planting Seeds of Philanthropy to Honor Latinx Roots | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/news/seeds-of-philanthropy-honor-latinx-roots 
 Planting Seeds of Philanthropy to Honor Latinx Roots | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a
Search Term Search: Visit usfca.edu Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving
Our Difference Mission & Vision Our Leadership Our Faculty Accreditation Locations School News From the Dean's Desk Our
Programs Undergraduate Programs Accounting, BSBA Business Analytics Entrepreneurship & Innovation, BSBA Finance
Hospitality Management International Business Management Management, BAM Degree Continuation Marketing Graduate
Programs Entrepreneurship and Innovation, MS Information Systems, MS Marketing Intelligence, MS MBA Programs
Organization Development, MS Executive Education Business Analytics Certified Customer Success Manager Courses
Corporate Innovation Custom Programs Silicon Valley Immersion Engagement & Impact Gellert Family Business Center Malloy
Group for Organizational Science Consulting School Life Undergraduate Life Graduate Life Graduate Career Services The
Office of Student Success and Engagement USF Bloomberg Lab Graduate Admission & Aid How To Apply International
Applicants Transfer Applicants Deadlines Financial Aid MBA Referral Scholarship Events FAQ Giving Planting Seeds of
Philanthropy to Honor Latinx Roots by Cristina Chavez, Office of Development Communications August 18, 2020 Lone
traditions and values that USF instilled in him. Aragon established The Paniagua and Aragon Family Endowment Fund in
honor of his late grandmother in hopes his gift will inspire Latinx students much like how he felt inspired as a
student. As a lasting legacy of support, The Paniagua and Aragon Family Endowment Fund recognizes exemplary Latinx
undergraduate and graduate students through the Saber es Poder Scholarship. As Associate Director of Development at
support and investment in Latinx students, he hopes his contributions will have the immediate impact of lightening the
in the many values modeled by his late grandmother. Faith and investment in a quality education were the cornerstones
shy he was in high school, but USF gave him the space to break out of his shell by getting involved with the residence
be denied the opportunity for a diverse, rigorous, and high-quality education. More than 70 percent of undergraduate
students are awarded financial aid and 36 percent are first-generation students. The Saber es Poder Scholarship was
established to support Latino students with demonstrated financial need who exemplify academic achievement, leadership,
and the desire to make a real difference through service to their communities. Over $525,000 has been contributed to
support the Saber es Poder Scholars. More than 100 scholarships have been awarded to students with the support of The
graduating this December, Garcia hopes to work in education policy by creating accessible opportunities and resources
for low-income communities. Paying it Forward As a proud alumnus, Aragon takes pride in sharing his story, which is
Highlights from USF's 2024 Pride Celebration Share Copy Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Email more news Site Footer 2130
Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-6771 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is
external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Careers at USF
Contact Us Directory News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Bookstore Course Catalog Library Campus Campus Safety
Maps & Directions Title IX Virtual Tour Apply Give to USF Visit myUSF Consumer Information Privacy Statement Web
Title: Eligibility and Enrollment Into ROTC - Army ROTC | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/life-at-usf/campus-experience/student-activities/rotc/eligibility-enrollment 
 Eligibility and Enrollment Into ROTC - Army ROTC | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a
Search Term Search: Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu
Link) (Menu Link) Students Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our
Jesuit Roots Agents for Change Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon
Neutral San Francisco's University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main
Campus Downtown San Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates
President & Leadership Board of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News
Academics Learn to Create Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate
Programs Dual Degree Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support
Undergraduate Research Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions
Advising Graduate & Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates
Executive Education The San Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of
Arts & Sciences School of Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries
Admission & Aid Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates &
Deadlines Meet Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources
International Graduate Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price
Calculator Types of Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty &
Student Research Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies
Center for Teaching Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for
Catholic Social Thought & the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good
Innovation Labs Star Route Farms Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City
The Campus Experience Arts & Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student
Activities Student Employment Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing
Dining on Campus Career Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events ARMY ROTC Eligibility and
Army ROTC The Program Scholarships Eligibility and Enrollment Staff & Faculty Frequently Asked Questions Scholarship
Eligibility Students interested in enrolling in ROTC and qualifying for a scholarship must: Be a U.S. citizen. Be
between the ages of 17 and under 31 years of age in the calendar year in which you are to be commissioned. Have a high
school GPA of at least 2.50; a college GPA of at least a 2.70. Have a high school diploma or equivalent. Hold a
regionally accredited college degree if applying as a Graduate student. Meet physical standards: Army Physical Fitness
Test minimum standards at the time of contracting. Agree to accept a commission and serve in the Army on Active Duty or
in a Reserve Component (Army Reserve or Army National Guard). Non-Scholarship Eligibility Students interested in
enrolling in ROTC and not pursuing a scholarship must: Be a U.S. citizen. Be between the ages of 17 and under 34 years
of age in the calendar year in which you are to be commissioned. Waivers are required for applicants between 34-39
years old at the time of the projected commissioning date (past 39 years old is non-waiverable). Have a high school GPA
of at least 2.50; a college GPA of at least a 2.70. Have a high school diploma or equivalent. Hold a regionally
accredited college degree if applying as a Graduate student. Meet physical standards: Army Physical Fitness Test
minimum standards at the time of contracting. Agree to accept a commission and serve in the Army on Active Duty or in a
Reserve Component (Army Reserve or Army National Guard). Additional Eligibility Requirements All prospective Cadets
must be Department of Defense Medical Examination Review Board (DODMERB) qualified or waived at the time of
contracting. There cannot be any waivers pending at the time of contracting. Enrollment into ROTC at USF All students
that are enrolled full time, in good standing, in USF or one of our partner Bay-Area colleges (including junior
college) can enroll in the lower division ROTC courses (Military Science 100 and 200 levels). The classes count as
program assistant in order to receive assistance in enrolling for the classes. Visiting students are required to have
their MMR and Hepatitis B shot record available, as this is a requirement for the University of San Francisco. Visiting
Contact our Admissions Office at ArmyROTC@usfca.edu or (415) 422-2562. Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo
2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is
external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us
Directory Careers at USF News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps &
Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Visit Give to USF myUSF Consumer Information Privacy Statement Web
Title: Major League Baseball Partners on New Scholarship for Women in Sport Management | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/news/scholarship-women-sport-management 
 Major League Baseball Partners on New Scholarship for Women in Sport Management | University of San Francisco Skip to
Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Visit usfca.edu Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate
Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Our Difference Mission & Vision Our Leadership Our Faculty School News Our Programs
Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Professional Certificates Research & Creative Achievement Centers & Institutes
Undergraduate Teacher Education Center Autonomous Vehicles & the City Initiative Facilities & Labs Innovation Hive
Writing for a Real World School Life Undergraduate Experience Graduate Experience Events Critical Diversity Studies
Forum Global Feminist Forum Human Rights Film Festival Davies Forum Graduate Admission How to Apply International
Students Financial Aid Dean's Scholarship Tests & Scores Program Contacts Info Sessions & Events Connect with a Current
Student Giving Major League Baseball Partners on New Scholarship for Women in Sport Management by Mary McInerney,
Office of Development Communications March 15, 2018 Katy Feeney, right, was one of the first and most widely respected
female baseball executives. Here, she is pictured in 2016 with Monte Irvin, a trailblazer for black players in
her way up to become a top female executive in Major League Baseball (MLB). When she passed away unexpectedly in 2017
Feeneys chose the University of San Francisco and established the Katharine Feeney Memorial Scholarship Fund to benefit
female students in the Sport Management program. Feeney was the senior vice president of scheduling and club relations
for MLB until she passed away, just a few months into her retirement. She is featured prominently in the Hall of Fame's
"Women in Baseball" exhibit. San Francisco Giants president and CEO Larry Baer called her "a longtime friend who left
an imprint, not only on the Giants' organization, but all of baseball." A Match Made in San Francisco The Feeney family
they moved from New York to San Francisco in 1958. He became president of the National League after the 1969 season.
USF, meanwhile, has the largest graduate-level Sport Management program in the country. The program was established in
women in sports leadership. The family started the scholarship fund at USF with a $200,000 gift from the 2017-18 MLB
were proud to honor the great legacy of Katy Feeney through our Winter Meetings Charity Auctions, especially knowing
Tirado, chief diversity and inclusion officer, Major League Baseball. In addition, MLB has promised an internship that
placing the scholarship recipient with a summer internship in Major League Baseball, so we are excited to get this
for the scholarship will be female students who are pursuing a career in sports management and who also demonstrate a
male-dominated industry, which can sometimes be intimidating. Often times, it can be a bit challenging for women to
connect with their male counterparts. This scholarship will encourage more women to explore a career in sports while
humane, and sustainable world. They feel like the scholarship is a natural fit for the university and its students.
made in support of Changing the World from Here: Campaign for the University of San Francisco. Giving A New Horizon for
the Health & Life Sciences Giving Synergy in Science: Diez Cancer Biology Lab Integrates Student Research Giving First
Site Footer 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram
(link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Graduate
Admission Careers at USF Contact Us Directory News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Bookstore Course Catalog Library
Campus Campus Safety Maps & Directions Title IX Virtual Tour Apply Give to USF Visit myUSF Consumer Information Privacy
Title: Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/mccarthy 
 Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu
Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving
Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission &
Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions
Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San
Francisco Main Campus Downtown San Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage
Rates President & Leadership Board of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office
USF News Academics Learn to Create Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors
Graduate Programs Dual Degree Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic
Support Undergraduate Research Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health
Professions Advising Graduate & Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional
Certificates Executive Education The San Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges
College of Arts & Sciences School of Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health
Professions Libraries Admission & Aid Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International
Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions
Student Resources International Graduate Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of
Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty &
Research Faculty & Student Research Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia
Pacific Studies Center for Teaching Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane
Center for Catholic Social Thought & the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common
Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the
City The Campus Experience Arts & Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student
Activities Student Employment Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing
Dining on Campus Career Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events Leo T. McCarthy Center for
Public Service and the Common Good Home Leo T. McCarthy Center The Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the
Common Good is dedicated to inspiring and preparing students at USF to pursue lives and careers of ethical public
service and the common good. Leo T. McCarthy Center About About Our Founder Our History Advisory Board Advisory Board
Emeritus Advisory Board Our Staff Presidential Fellow Strategic Plan Strategic Plan 2023 Annual Impact Report 2022
Annual Impact Report 2021 Annual Impact Report Supporters & Sponsors Supporters & Sponsors 2022 Year-End Donors Give
Today Students Students Community Empowerment Activists Equity Interns McCarthy Fellows in San Francisco McCarthy
Fellows in Sacramento USF in Washington, DC Rising Youth Mentorship USFVotes USFVotes Election Events Faculty &
Community Partners Faculty & Community Partners Faculty Community Partners Engage San Francisco Leo T. McCarthy Award
for Public Service Leo T. McCarthy Award for Public Service Past Honorees News & Events Our Mission The McCarthy Center
prepares students for lives of ethical public service not just in government but in business, the environment,
healthcare, and education, whose policies affect the marginalized and poor. Learn about the center Our Impact The
and community partners, and the milestones achieved together. 2023 Annual Impact Report Creating the Next Generation of
Leaders The McCarthy Center provides a forum for education, service and research in public policy-making and programs
for the common good. It supports undergraduate and graduate academic programs, provides service learning, and
government experiences for students and generates publishable research. A curriculum that blends rigorous intellectual
training with fieldwork experience prepares students to articulate and promote the common good of all society's members
through careers or service in government, non-profits or the private sector. By the Numbers 81,000 hours of
community-engaged learning 20 years of preparing the next generation of ethical, community-engaged leaders 2,700
students enrolled in community-engaged learning coursework Remote video URL Video Transcript Read Our Stories mccarthy
See You in City Hall, McCarthy Fellows! mccarthy Mentoring The Next Generation mccarthy Meet Our 2024 USF in DC Fellows
Support the Leo. T. McCarthy Center Your gift provides the education and real-world experiences that will inspire and
prepare McCarthy Center students to engage in public policy and meaningful change. Give Today Leo T. McCarthy Center
for Public Service and the Common Good Main Campus mccarthycenter@usfca.edu (415) 422-5662 2130 Fulton St.Masonic, Room
106San Francisco, CA 94117 Hours Monday - Friday: 8:30 a.m. - 5 p.m. Find Us Online Facebook (link is external) X (link
is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Flickr (link is external) Powered by Curator.io
Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us
Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube
(link is external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog
Bookstore Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Visit Give to USF myUSF Consumer
Title: Admission & Aid | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/admission 
 Admission & Aid | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply (Menu
Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students
Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change
Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's
University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San
Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board
of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create
Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree
Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research
Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate &
Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San
Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of
Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid
Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet
Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate
Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of
Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research
Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching
Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought
& the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms
Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts &
Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment
Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career
Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events Admission & Aid Home Admission & Aid On a hilltop in
join us. Start your journey Undergraduate Admission Experience a Jesuit education and start building your network from
the center of San Francisco. Undergrad Info Graduate Admission Advance your education with any of our 70+ graduate
programs across five schools, including online and hybrid options. Graduate Info Financial Aid & Cost 96% of undergrads
Value of a USF Education Our graduates are proof that a USF education pays off. See where our Dons end up. The Value of
USF 100+ undergraduate and graduate programs across five schools 93% of USF students who attend full-time each semester
graduate in 4 years Best Colleges Featured in the Princeton Review Best 388 Colleges list for 2023 top 14 percent in
the nation 9,212 Total enrollment for 2023 An Investment for a Lifetime A USF education prepares you for more than just
option to display slide Parents Veterans High School Counselors Visiting Students Adult & Non-Traditional Students
USF is proud to be a Military Friendly School. Your background will help you excel at USF, no matter your major. Info
students who will thrive at USF. Info for Counselors Visiting Students Come see why students are drawn to our Jesuit
curriculum. There are big, complex questions waiting for you here. Info for Visiting Students Adult & Non-Traditional
Students Continue your education at USF with our flexible and hybrid program options. Info for Adult Students Virtual
Tour Office of Undergraduate Admission Main Campus admission@usfca.edu (415) 422-6563 Lone Mountain Main 2512800 Turk
Blvd.San Francisco, CA 94118 Hours Monday - Friday: 8:30 a.m. - 5 p.m. Fax (415) 422-2217 Site Footer University of San
Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external)
Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect
Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus
Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Visit Give to USF myUSF Consumer Information Privacy
Title: Learn to Create Impact | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/academics/learn-create-impact 
 Learn to Create Impact | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply
(Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students
Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change
Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's
University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San
Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board
of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create
Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree
Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research
Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate &
Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San
Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of
Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid
Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet
Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate
Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of
Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research
Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching
Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought
& the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms
Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts &
Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment
Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career
Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events Learn to Create Impact Home Academics Learn to Create
Impact Tutor students in the Western Addition. Register voters all across the city. Build an app that improves lives.
Come to USF and learn how to change the world in ways small and large. Engage the Community In service-learning classes
and community engaged learning programs, you work with neighbors and organizations that address local challenges.
Community-Engaged Learning Join the Erasmus Living-Learning Community Erasmus is a year-long course that brings
together second- and third-year students from various undergraduate majors to study and practice ethics, service, and
USF we challenge you, our faculty, staff, and alumni to change the world for the better. Advocate for Nursing Education
At many universities, only graduate students do research. At USF, undergraduate students do research, too. Meet Three
of Them Design for Justice An alum got a job creating litigation graphics used in courtrooms. Learn How Strengthen
Health Systems Abroad Dyrin Hernandez-Chavez '26 immersed myself in global health by participating in the Lesotho
Global Health Immersion Program Immerse Yourself in Global Health Change the World from Here Close close San Francisco
Hilltop Campus The main campus of USF, "the Hilltop" is located in the geographic center of San Francisco, giving you
easy access to everything the city has to offer. More info Close close Sacramento Campus Get the USF Jesuit education
in downtown Sacramento. Nursing. Teaching. Public health. Counseling. Visit the site Close close Orange County Campus
Catch the San Francisco spirit in Orange County. Master's programs in nursing, public health, and sport management,
with insider connections and inside access to the sport industry all over the state. Visit the Site Close close
Downtown San Francisco Study just steps from many of the world's most innovative and influential companies and
organizations. Management, law, graduate arts and sciences, Data Institute. Learn More Keep Exploring Activism &
Engagement The Undergraduate Experience Take the Next Step Visit USF Virtual Tour Site Footer University of San
Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external)
Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect
Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus
Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Visit Give to USF myUSF Consumer Information Privacy
Title: City as Classroom | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/academics/san-francisco-connection/city-classroom 
 City as Classroom | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply (Menu
Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students
Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change
Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's
University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San
Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board
of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create
Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree
Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research
Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate &
Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San
Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of
Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid
Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet
Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate
Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of
Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research
Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching
Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought
& the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms
Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts &
Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment
Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career
Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events THE SAN FRANCISCO CONNECTION City as Classroom Home
Academics The San Francisco Connection City as Classroom Study murals in the Mission. Shadow a nurse in the Tenderloin.
Learn in the city. Learn from the city. Get Into the City and Test What You've Learned Previous slide Next slide Get
Your Feet Wet Collect soil and water samples in San Francisco wetlands. Environmental Science, BS Learn to Lead Lead a
summer reading camp for students K-8. Teaching with Credential, MAT Care for the Community Provide basic care, deliver
meals, and offer health education to residents of the Tenderloin. Nursing, BSN Learn to Serve Get behind-the-scenes
experience at top hotels. Hospitality Management, BSBA San Francisco Advantage State Senator Comes to Campus to Discuss
His AI Bill with Students Equipped to Lead and Succeed USF Students Pitch Business Ideas to Top Executives Engaged
Learning USF Students Meet Inmates Where They Are Keep Exploring Iconic Internships The San Francisco Connection Global
USF Take the Next Step Request Information Visit USF Connect With US Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130
Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is
external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us
Directory Careers at USF News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps &
Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Visit Give to USF myUSF Consumer Information Privacy Statement Web
Title: Life at USF | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/life-at-usf 
 Life at USF | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply (Menu Link)
(Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students Parents
Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change
Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's
University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San
Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board
of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create
Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree
Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research
Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate &
Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San
Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of
Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid
Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet
Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate
Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of
Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research
Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching
Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought
& the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms
Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts &
Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment
Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career
Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events Life at USF Home Life at USF Find your people in your
residence hall. Find your fun in a club or in a club sport. Follow your passions with the help of mentors, professors,
and peers who help you find, then reach, your goals. Start your next chapter on the Hilltop. Live, Learn, and Grow in
Best college location in California NICHE 2024 96.9% Satisfied or strongly satisfied on graduating student survey Over
100 Undergraduate student clubs and organizations #1 in ethnic diversity among national universities U.S. News & World
Report 2024 Best Value in the top 50% U.S. News & World Report 2024 Enrich Your College Experience Bring your whole
even better with you in it. Student Activities Arts & Culture Athletics Health & Wellness Housing & Dining Recreation &
Club Sports Student Support Find Your Calling Join a club. Get an internship. Be the change. Our campus community
provides countless opportunities for students to discover new passions and start successful careers. Career Planning &
the photo essay in USF Magazine. Take a Look Additional Campuses Our Stories Campus Life New Princeton Review Rates USF
2024's New Students Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA
94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external)
Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media
Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title
of San Francisco
Title: Academic Calendar | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/academic-calendar 
 Academic Calendar | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply (Menu
Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students
Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change
Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's
University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San
Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board
of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create
Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree
Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research
Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate &
Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San
Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of
Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid
Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet
Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate
Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of
Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research
Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching
Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought
& the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms
Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts &
Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment
Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career
Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events Academic Calendar On This page Fall 2024 Intersession
2025 Spring 2025 Summer Session 2025 Fall 2024 Fall Semester 2024 Faculty Due Back 8/15 Th Orientation Begins 8/10-19
Sa-M Classes/Late Registration Begin 8/20 T Law Orientation Begins 8/12 M Law Classes Begin 8/19 M Late Registration
Ends/Last Day to Add 8/26 M Labor Day Holiday (No classes) 9/2 M Census Date** 9/6 F Fall Break (No Classes) 10/14-15
M-T Last Day to Drop Courses or Withdraw 11/1 F Spring Continuing Student Registration 11/4-27 M-W Thanksgiving Recess
11/28-29 Th-F Last Day of Classes 12/4 W Law Last Day of Classes 11/25 M Study/Review Day 12/5 Th Final Examination
Period 12/6-12 F-Th Law Final Examination Period 12/2-14 M-Sa Mid-Year Commencement 12/13 F Last Day to Submit Grades
1/2 Th Intersession 2025 Intersession 2025 Classes Begin 1/2 Th Martin Luther King Day Holiday (No classes) 1/20 M
Classes/Exams End 1/17 F Last Day to Submit Grades 1/24 F Spring 2025 Spring Semester 2025 Orientation Begins 1/17 F
Classes/Late Registration Begin 1/21 T Law Classes Begin 1/6 M Late Registration Ends/Last Day to Add 1/27 M Census
Holiday begins at 4:00 P.M. * 4/17 Th Easter Holiday (No classes) 4/18 F Holy Thursday Canceled Classes Meet * 4/25 F
Last Day to Drop Courses or Withdraw 4/7 M Fall Continuing Student Registration 4/7-6/13 M-F Last Day of Classes 5/8 Th
Law Last Day of Classes 4/23 W Study/Review Day 5/9 F Law Final Examination Period 4/28-5/13 M-Tu Final Examination
Period 5/10-15 Sa-Th Commencement Mass 5/15 Th Commencements 5/15-17 Th-Sa Last Day to Submit Grades 5/22 Th Summer
Session 2025 Summer Sessions 2025 Session I (12 week session) 5/19-8/8 M-F Session II (6 week session) 5/19-6/27 M-F
Session III (6 week session) 6/30-8/8 M-F Session IV (3 week session) 5/19-6/6 M-F Session V (3 week session) 6/9-6/27
M-F Session VI (3 week session) 6/30-7/18 M-F Session VII (3 week session) 7/21-8/8 M-F Law Evening Program Summer
Session 6/2-7/24 M-Th Last Day to Submit Grades 8/15 F Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street
San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn
(link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF
News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus
University of San Francisco
Title: Addressing Opioid Use Disorder | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/news/addressing-opioid-use-disorder 
 Addressing Opioid Use Disorder | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search:
Visit usfca.edu Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Our Difference
Mission, Vision & Values Our People Our Leadership Our Faculty Alumni San Francisco Advantage Accreditation News
Offices & Services Employment 70 Years Anniversary 70 Stories of Impact Our History & Sisters of Mercy Our Programs
Undergraduate Programs Nursing, BSN Public Health, BS Graduate Programs Clinical Psychology, PsyD Family Nurse
Practitioner, DNP Nursing, MSN Psychiatric Mental Health Nurse Practitioner, DNP Public Health, MPH Health Systems
Leadership, DNP Engagement & Impact Simulation Center & Clinical Skills Lab Clinical Skills Lab Simulation Center
Service Abroad & Immersion Programs Preceptor Program School Life Events Crawford Lecture Organizations & Activities
Admission & Aid Application Deadlines Financing Your Education International Students Request Information Undocumented
Students & DACA Equipped to Lead and Succeed Addressing Opioid Use Disorder Sara Hamilton, a DNP MPH learner, is
focusing some of her degree work on addressing opioid use disorder. by Sara Hamilton April 25, 2023 Sara dedicates this
substance use disorders among college students, specifically community college students. Drawing from my experience
South Bay and was fortunate to attend a privileged, high-achieving high school that provided many opportunities;
substance use problems. The transition between high school and college proved to be an existential crisis, and I did
not know what path to choose. My mom, a nurse from Japan, suggested I start with nursing, and I followed her
suggestion. In order to apply for nursing school, I had to complete some pre-requisite courses, so I attended a local
community college where many of my friends went as well. In my last year, I lost a good friend to an opioid overdose. I
attended a small private nursing school in Madison, WI, where I found that I was most interested in mental health.
While having mental struggles being away from home and dealing with frigid winters, I sought help from a college
therapist. She realized that I had worse substance issues than I knew of and referred me to a substance use counselor
who, I believe, not only saved my life but gave me a purpose. Not long after that, I lost my best friend in California
to an overdose. I've lost friends from mental health woes who had such exciting futures. I deeply hope to prevent
losing more young, wonderful beings with a future who did not find the right help. For the last five years, I have
worked as a medical-surgical nurse and have figured out my next professional journey toward working in mental health.
In 2020, I returned to school and obtained my DNP - PMHNP. I applied to USF because I really appreciate the value-based
education philosophy and its compassionate and community-centered approach. After my first semester at USF, I heard
about the PMHNP + MPH dual degree. I understood that if I want to lead real change in how youth are able to access
mental health, I needed public health education. I have appreciated the work with the public health students and
faculty. Actually, I enjoy and learn a lot from the different perspectives the students have and bring to the
discussions. This has been important for me and often validating when someone shares their identity with me and my
story. It is great to be among inspiring professionals who want to help each other. Talking with my program advisor,
Dr. Curtis, we discussed a policy allowing providers to prescribe medication treatment to minors without parental
consent. We are looking into sixteen/seventeen-year-olds with opioid use disorder who can't or don't want to tell their
parents. Today they can get counseling but no medication treatment, which we know is integral to a treatment plan.
Pursuing this project is exciting and empowering for me, who has struggled with confidence, purpose, and wanting to
have an impact. Last December, Dr. Curtis and I visited Sacramento, mainly to talk to Senator Wiener about this policy.
and education to make a significant change to prevent or reduce the harm of untreated substance misuse. As part of my
clinical practice for the PMHNP program, I am working at a community college in their mental health and wellness
services. Community colleges are much less resourced than four-year universities, so I would love to see a PMHNP bring
better access to mental health services. I can imagine a PMHNP leading campus-wide assessments and screenings for all
students and treating students who need immediate help. Then my public health knowledge will help to create or support
policy or make school-wide policies and programs. My professional journey is an aspirational journey to make an impact,
Students Take Over Instagram to Raise Public Health Awareness Share Copy Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Email more news Site
Footer 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram
(link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Careers at
USF Contact Us Directory News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Bookstore Course Catalog Library Campus Campus Safety
Maps & Directions Title IX Virtual Tour Apply Give to USF Visit myUSF Consumer Information Privacy Statement Web
Title: Events Calendar | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/life-at-usf/events 
 Events Calendar | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply (Menu
Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students
Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change
Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's
University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San
Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board
of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create
Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree
Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research
Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate &
Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San
Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of
Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid
Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet
Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate
Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of
Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research
Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching
Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought
& the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms
Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts &
Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment
Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career
Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events Events Calendar Embed Your Impact in Every Line of
Code: Use Data to Save the Earth September 6, 2024 12:30PM - 2:00PM On-Campus Event - 101 Howard Street September 6
September 19 14th Annual Critical Diversity Studies Forum: Called to Solidarity with Craig Santos Perez and Tessa Hulls
September 19, 2024 2:40PM - 4:25PM McLaren Complex Complex September 24 MFA Reading Series: Melissa Febos September 24,
2024 7:30PM - 9:30PM Fromm Hall 120 - Xavier Auditorium October 19 The Silk Speaker Series presents Viola Davis October
19, 2024 11:00AM - 12:15PM St. Ignatius Church Main Church More Events Filter Filter Filter By Category By Category -
Any -AAPI Center - Faculty & StaffAAPI Center - StudentsAcademic CalendarAdvertisingAfrican StudiesAlumniApplied
EconomicsArchitecture & Community DesignArt + ArchitectureArts & Culture EventsArts and SciencesArts and Sciences
GradAsian Pacific American StudiesAsian Pacific StudiesAsian StudiesAthleticsBachelor of Science in Business
AdministrationBachelor of Science in ManagementBachelor of Science in Management AdmissionsBehavioral HealthBiology
BSBiology MSBiotechnologyBlack Community CouncilC-HERCareer Services - FairsCareer Services - Info SessionsCareer
Services - Off CampusCareer Services - On Campus InterviewsCareer Services - WorkshopsCareer Services CenterCatholic
StudiesCenter for Academic and Student AchievementCenter for Asia Pacific StudiesCenter for Latina/o Studies in the
Americas (CELASA)Center for Teaching ExcellenceCertificate Program in JEDI + JSSJChemistry BSChemistry MSChild & Youth
StudiesChina Business Studies InitiativeChinese StudiesClinical PsychologyClinical Psychology DissertationCollege of
Arts & SciencesCollege of Arts & Sciences Deans LectureCollege of Arts & Sciences Grad FairsCollege of Arts & Sciences
Info MeetingsCommencementCommencement AffiliatedCommencement CASCommencement MassCommencement SOECommencement
SOLCommencement SOMCommencement SONHPCommunication StudiesCommunity School of ManagementComputer Science BSComputer
Science MSConvocationCOVID19 Faculty PanelsCRASECriminal Justice StudiesCritical Diversity StudiesCritical Diversity
Studies ForumCTEData InstituteData Institute CertificatesData ScienceData Science Info SessionDavies ForumDean' Lecture
SeriesDesignDiversityDoctor of Nursing Practice (DNP)Doctor of Nursing Practice - Population Health LeadershipDowntown
CampusDowntown Campus - School of ManagmentEarthquake ReliefEast BayEnergy Systems ManagementEnergy Systems Management
Speaker SeriesEngineeringEnglishEnvironmental ManagementEnvironmental ScienceEnvironmental StudiesEthnic StudiesETS
EventsETS TrainingsEuropean StudiesExecutive EducationExecutive MBAExternal/PublicFacultyFaculty & StaffFaculty
EventsFamily WeekendFinancial Aid - Info SessionsFrench StudiesGellert Family Business CenterGender and Sexualities
StudiesGerman StudiesGerontologyGetty InstituteGleeson LibraryGlobal Women's Rights ForumGoUSFGraduate StudentsGreen
RoomGWRFHealth InformaticsHealth Promotion Services (HPS)Health StudiesHistoryHomeHonors CollegeHuman ResourcesHuman
Rights Film FestivalInstitute for Nonviolence and Social Justice (INSJ)International and Development
EconomicsInternational Studies MAInternational Studies UGJapanese StudiesJewish Studies and Social JusticeJoan & Ralph
Lane CenterKinesiologyKUSFLatin American StudiesLatin/@-Chican/@ StudiesLawLaw - AdmittedLaw - Admitted - JDLaw
AlumniLaw EventsLaw Faculty & StaffLaw Grad FairsLaw HomeLaw JD WorkshopsLaw Review SymposiumManagement
AlumniManagement CentersManagement Graduate AdmissionsManagement Graduate Admissions On CampusManagement Graduate
Admissions OnlineMaster of Marketing IntelligenceMaster of Nonprofit AdministrationMaster of Public
AdministrationMaster of Science in Entrepreneurship and InnovationMaster of Science in Financial AnalysisMaster of
Science in Information SystemsMaster of Science in Organization DevelopmentMathematicsMBAMBA AllMcCarthy CenterMcCarthy
ElectionMcGrath InstituteMedia StudiesMFA in WritingMFA Reading SeriesMigration StudiesModern and Classical
LanguagesMSN Master' EntryMuseum StudiesNeuroscienceNursing and Health Professions AlumniNursing and Health Professions
Info SessionsNursing OnlineOffice of the PresidentOffice of the ProvostOrange CountyOrange County - MPHOrientationPeace
and Justice StudiesPeak Performance SessionsPeak Performance Sessions - AcademicPeak Performance Sessions - CareerPeak
Performance Sessions - WellnessPerforming ArtsPerforming Arts & Social Justice PerformancesPhilippine
StudiesPhilosophyPhysicsPleasanton CampusPoliticsPresident' Advisory Council on the Status of Women (PACSW)Professional
CommunicationPsychologyPublic HealthPublic LeadershipPublic SafetyPublic Service and Community EngagementRhetoric and
Language - Debate TeamRicci InstituteROTCSacramento CampusSanta RosaSchool of EducationSchool of Education - Open
HouseSchool of Education - Virtual Open HouseSchool of Education Grad FairsSchool of ManagementSchool of Management
FairsSchool of Nursing and Health ProfessionsSociologySouth BaySpanish StudiesSport ManagementSport Management Grad
FairsSport Management Info MeetingsSt Ignatius ChurchStaffStrategic Plan ForumsStudent EventsStudent Life EventsStudio
TheaterSustainabilityThacher GalleryTheology and Religious StudiesUndergraduate AdmissionUndergraduate Admission -
AdmitUndergraduate StudentsUniversity Council for Jesuit MissionUniversity MinistryUrban & Public AffairsUrban
AgricultureWaging PeaceWomen's LeadershipWomen's Leadership By Date By Start Date to By End Date By Location Campus
Downtown East Bay Main Campus Online - Zoom Orange County Pleasanton Sacramento Santa Rosa South Bay September 5 USF
Women's Volleyball vs New Mexico State September 5, 2024 4:00PM - 6:00PM September 5 USF Women's Soccer vs Southern
California September 5, 2024 6:00PM - 8:00PM September 6 Embed Your Impact in Every Line of Code: Use Data to Save the
Earth September 6, 2024 12:30PM - 2:00PM On-Campus Event - 101 Howard Street September 6 USF Women's Volleyball vs CSUN
September 6, 2024 4:00PM - 6:00PM September 6 USF Men's Soccer at # Seattle U September 6, 2024 7:00PM - 9:00PM
September 7 USF Women's Volleyball at Sacramento State September 7, 2024 2:00PM - 4:00PM September 7 USF President's
Reception in Singapore September 7, 2024 6:00PM - 8:30PM Off-Campus Event - Singapore September 8 Rock N Swap September
8, 2024 7:30AM - 3:00PM McLaren Complex Complex September 8 USF Men's Golf vs USFHoward Intercollegiate - Day One
September 9, 2024 12:30PM - 1:30PM Online via Zoom Pagination Current page 1 Page 2 Page 3 Page 4 Page 5 Page 6 Page 7
Campus Campus Map Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA
94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external)
Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media
Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title
of San Francisco
Title: College of Arts and Sciences | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/arts-sciences 
 College of Arts and Sciences | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search:
Visit usfca.edu Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Our Difference
Mission & Vision Our Leadership Our Faculty School News Our Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs
Professional Certificates Research & Creative Achievement Centers & Institutes Undergraduate Teacher Education Center
Autonomous Vehicles & the City Initiative Facilities & Labs Innovation Hive Writing for a Real World School Life
Undergraduate Experience Graduate Experience Events Critical Diversity Studies Forum Global Feminist Forum Human Rights
Film Festival Davies Forum Graduate Admission How to Apply International Students Financial Aid Dean's Scholarship
Tests & Scores Program Contacts Info Sessions & Events Connect with a Current Student College of Arts and Sciences
USF_arrow_icon_wht College of Arts and Sciences Learn by doing. Make mistakes. Make connections. Create a community of
that means a SpaceX trip around the moon. Read the Story USF_arrow_icon_wht From Info to Action Use data to improve
medical care and keep families together. Read the Story Find Your Program Undergraduate Programs Choose from more than
100 majors and minors. Mix them and match them to suit your interests and aspirations. Undergraduate Programs Graduate
Programs Economics? Data science? Creative writing? Museum studies? Sport management? Find the program that works for
you. Graduate Programs Professional Certificates Enhance your existing skills. Acquire new skills. Increase your
Certificates Get More Than a Degree Select option to display slide Connect With Classmates Learn Beyond the Lecture
Meet Your Mentors Discover the USF Difference Connect With Classmates Learn Beyond the Lecture Meet Your Mentors
Discover the USF Difference Connect With Classmates Come to the city that welcomes you. Come to the campus that wants
you. Bring your whole self to the University of San Francisco. School Life Learn Beyond the Lecture Come learn by
doing. Work with your classmates. Do research with your professors. Create team projects and solo projects, too.
Research & Creative Achievement Meet Your Mentors While USF professors are world-class scholars and researchers,
of changemakers. Our Difference Read Our Stories August 16, 2024 A New Horizon for the Health & Life Sciences August
Events September 6 Embed Your Impact in Every Line of Code: Use Data to Save the Earth September 6, 2024 12:30PM -
2:00PM On-Campus Event - 101 Howard Street September 10 Getting Racy: Race, Antisemitism, and Millennial Jewish Stars
September 10, 2024 6:30PM - 8:00PM Fromm Hall 120 - Xavier Auditorium September 12 Davies Forum Presents: Film
Screening of Birthing Justice September 12, 2024 5:30PM - 8:00PM McLaren Complex 252 More Events Take the Next Step
Undergraduate Admission Graduate Admission Visit USF Site Footer 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA
94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external)
Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Graduate Admission Careers at USF Contact Us Directory
News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Bookstore Course Catalog Library Campus Campus Safety Maps & Directions Title
University of San Francisco
Title: The Campus Experience | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/life-at-usf/campus-experience 
 The Campus Experience | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply
(Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students
Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change
Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's
University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San
Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board
of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create
Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree
Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research
Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate &
Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San
Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of
Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid
Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet
Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate
Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of
Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research
Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching
Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought
& the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms
Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts &
Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment
Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career
Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events LIFE AT USF The Campus Experience Home Life at USF
The Campus Experience Eat in a dining hall overlooking downtown San Francisco. Cheer Dons basketball teams from the
newly renovated War Memorial Gym at the Sobrato Center. Center your spirit in St. Ignatius Church. Looking to satisfy
new adventures, and explore your new digs. Housing & Dining Student Activities Get involved, build friendships, and
discover new interests. Student Activities Health & Wellness Take care of mind, body, spirit. Health & Wellness Arts &
Whatever your sport and whatever your level, you can play at USF. Athletics Club Sports 8 Tips for Success at USF How
to Make the Most of Your First Year. Read the Tips Student Events September 12 Davies Forum Presents: Film Screening of
Birthing Justice September 12, 2024 5:30PM - 8:00PM McLaren Complex 252 September 17 National Voter Registration Day
September 17, 2024 8:00AM - 10:00PM Deadline - bit.ly/usfvotes September 19 14th Annual Critical Diversity Studies
Forum: Called to Solidarity with Craig Santos Perez and Tessa Hulls September 19, 2024 2:40PM - 4:25PM McLaren Complex
Complex More Events @usfca Instagram (link is external) X (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Facebook (link
is external) Powered by Curator.io Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA
94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external)
Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media
Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title
of San Francisco
Title: School of Management | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/management 
 School of Management | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Visit
usfca.edu Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Our Difference Mission &
Vision Our Leadership Our Faculty Accreditation Locations School News From the Dean's Desk Our Programs Undergraduate
Programs Accounting, BSBA Business Analytics Entrepreneurship & Innovation, BSBA Finance Hospitality Management
International Business Management Management, BAM Degree Continuation Marketing Graduate Programs Entrepreneurship and
Innovation, MS Information Systems, MS Marketing Intelligence, MS MBA Programs Organization Development, MS Executive
Education Business Analytics Certified Customer Success Manager Courses Corporate Innovation Custom Programs Silicon
Valley Immersion Engagement & Impact Gellert Family Business Center Malloy Group for Organizational Science Consulting
School Life Undergraduate Life Graduate Life Graduate Career Services The Office of Student Success and Engagement USF
Bloomberg Lab Graduate Admission & Aid How To Apply International Applicants Transfer Applicants Deadlines Financial
Aid MBA Referral Scholarship Events FAQ School of Management USF_arrow_icon_wht School of Management Join the teams
that build the future. Soak up the innovation and creativity of San Francisco. Learn to lead with purpose.
USF_arrow_icon_wht Silk Investment Institute Launched The Silk Investment Institute will launch an undergraduate minor
in investments, open to all USF students. Read the Full Story USF_arrow_icon_wht Bring Technology to Family Farmers
Jacqui's Story Learn to lead with purpose. McLaren Undergraduate School of Management Immerse yourself in the
entrepreneurship and innovation of the San Francisco Bay Area. Experience the city's working culture firsthand with
premier internships and career opportunities. Undergraduate Programs Masagung Graduate School of Management Our
programs will give you a global business perspective that emphasizes social justice, cultural understanding, and
meet the needs and requirements of executives, managers, entrepreneurs, working professionals, and students. Executive
Education Undergraduates by the Numbers Best Value in the top 50% U.S. News & World Report 2024 $34,918 Average total
aid package for fall 2023 incoming students 92% First-year students received some form of financial aid in fall 2023
Best College ranked a best college for Veterans U.S. News & World Report 2024 Top 50 For international students U.S.
News & World Report 2024 $91,969 Median salary of USF business alumni who received federal aid for study, four years
after graduation. Department of Education 2024 #6 in earnings for graduates of business programs Department of
Education 2024 Get More Than A Degree Select option to display slide Connect With Classmates Discover the USF
Difference Engage Beyond the Classroom Meet Your Mentors Connect With <span class="highlight">Classmates</span>
Discover the <span class="highlight">USF</span> Difference Engage <span class="highlight">Beyond</span> the Classroom
Meet Your <span class="highlight">Mentors</span> Connect With Classmates Work with your classmates. Do research with
your professors. Create team projects and solo projects, too. School Life Discover the USF Difference Come join a
community of changemakers. Our Difference Engage Beyond the Classroom Discover programs and initiatives that align with
your professional interests. Delve into real-world business problems. Work on finding solutions. Engagement & Impact
they put teaching first. This means they put you first. So ask them questions. Stay after class. See them as mentors.
Immersion, Management Students Learn Consulting on the Fly May 20, 2024 Meet Four New Graduates Who Have Jobs Lined Up
More Stories Upcoming Events September 10 Master of Business Administration (MBA) information session September 10,
2024 5:30PM - 6:30PM Online ZOOM September 12 MS Entrepreneurship & Innovation (MSEI) information session September 12,
2024 8:15AM - 9:15AM Online ZOOM September 14 Executive MBA (EMBA) Campus Visit September 14, 2024 12:00PM - 1:30PM
On-Campus Event - Downtown Campus More Events Take the Next Step Undergraduate Admission Graduate Admission & Aid Plan
a Visit Join the School of Management Online Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) YouTube (link is
external) Powered by Curator.io Site Footer 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-6771 Follow us
Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube
(link is external) Connect Careers at USF Contact Us Directory News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Bookstore
Course Catalog Library Campus Campus Safety Maps & Directions Title IX Virtual Tour Apply Give to USF Visit myUSF
 url: https://myusf.usfca.edu/title-ix 
Mobile Menu Academics Toggle submenu Academic Calendar Bookstore Canvas CASA Dean's Honor Roll Catalog Graduation Apply
for Graduation Library Printing Registration Class Schedule & Final Exams Student Records Transcripts Study Abroad
Student Services Toggle submenu Billing & Tuition Tuition & Fees View & Pay Career Services Financial Aid Outside
Scholarships International Student & Scholar Services Learning, Writing, & Speaking Centers One Card Privacy
Information for Students (FERPA) Public Safety Student Conduct, Rights & Responsibilities Student Disability Services
Student Employment Health & Wellness Toggle submenu Counseling & Psychological Services Health Promotion Services
Immunization Insurance Koret Health & Recreation Center Title IX Campus Life Toggle submenu Athletics Campus Map
Cultural Centers Dining Events Calendar Housing Off Campus Housing Room & Board Rates Orientation ROTC Student
Leadership & Engagement University Ministry Offices Toggle submenu Accounting & Business Services Business & Finance
Events Management Facilities Management General Counsel Human Resources ITS Marketing Communications President Provost
Purchasing Strategic Enrollment Management Student Life All Offices Schools & Centers Toggle submenu Schools Arts &
Sciences Education Law Management Nursing & Health Professions Centers Center for Research, Artistic, & Scholarly
Excellence Center for Teaching Excellence Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice Joan and Ralph Lane Center for
Catholic Social Thought & the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service & the Common Good McGrath
Institute for Jesuit Catholic Education Include USFCA.EDU Log In Title IX August 2024 Update- The Title IX Office for
the University of San Francisco has reviewed and updated our policies and procedures to reflect the 2024 Title IX
Regulations released by the Department of Education. The campus community will also be notified via email regarding the
new Policy. We continue to track the court cases and injunctions that affect these regulations and will provide updates
here. If you have any questions regarding the Policy on Sex-Based Harassment, please contact Emily Gove (Title IX
Coordinator) at 415-422-4563 or at titleIX@usfca.edu. Please access the Policy here. The Title IX office continually
strives to maintain and strengthen a climate which fosters mutual respect and inclusivity for all community members.
Our primary concern is your safety and well-being and will follow up on all reports of sexual misconduct experienced by
our community members. Title IX and Sexual Misconduct Sex and gender discrimination, sexual harassment, and sexual
misconduct is prohibited by federal and state law and by University policy. These behaviors are also contradictory to
Harassment include, but are not limited to: Sex and Gender Discrimination, including related to: sexual orientation,
gender identity, pregnancy status, and parenting status Sexual Harassment: Quid Pro Quo and Hostile Environment Sexual
Assault Dating Violence Domestic Violence Sexual Exploitation Aiding or Facilitating Sexual Misconduct Stalking To
report potential violations of the USF Policy on Sex-Based Harassment, please email or call the Title IX Coordinator at
(415) 422-4563 or make a report online. If you are experiencing an emergency, please call USF Public Safety at (415)
422-2911. Campus Title IX Coordinator, Deputy Coordinator, and Contacts: For more information about Title IX, or to
seek help and resources, please contact: Title IX Coordinator: Emily Goveegove@usfca.edu (415) 422-4563 Deputy Title IX
Coordinator: Trina Garrykgarry@usfca.edu (415) 422-4525 Staff/Faculty Contact: Diane Nelsondlnelson3@usfca.edu (415)
422-2441 At USF, We've Got You USF Statement of Nondiscrimination The University of San Francisco is committed to
providing an environment free from sex and gender-based discrimination and harassment. As such, USF does not tolerate
any kind of sex/gender-based discrimination or harassment, which includes sexual assault, sexual harassment, and
gender-based harassment. Consistent with its commitment to addressing sex/gender-based discrimination and harassment,
the University complies with Title IX, or the Higher Education Amendment of 1972, which prohibits discrimination on the
basis of sex in education programs and activities, as well as other applicable state and federal laws. Any full-time or
part-time university official (e.g., faculty member, administrator, residence life staff member, dean, etc.) informed
of an allegation of sex/gender-based misconduct involving students or other members of the university community is
expected to file a report with the Title IX Coordinator and/or a Deputy Coordinator. Certain university officers who
are serving in a privileged professional capacity (e.g., CAPS counselors, members of the Clergy) are not bound by this
expectation, except as required by law. Anyone who believes they have been subjected to sex/gender-based discrimination
or harassment is encouraged to report these incidents. Upon receiving a report, the university will respond promptly,
equitably, and thoroughly. In addition, the university will take steps to prevent the recurrence of the discrimination
or harassment and remedy its effects, if appropriate. Read USF's full Policy, or review all student conduct policies at
the Fogcutter Student Handbook. MENU Title IX Menu Title IX Overview What is Title IX? Title IX Roles and Team Training
Materials How to Report Policy and Procedures Pregnant & Parenting Students USF REPS Upcoming events Community Updates
Resources Title IX Office Lone Mountain Main Room 145 2820 Turk Blvd San Francisco, CA 94117 (415) 422-4563
titleIX@usfca.edu Instagram USFCA Mobile Library Directions Feedback Title IX Privacy Statement Web Accessibility
Title: Internships | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/academics/san-francisco-connection/iconic-internships 
 Internships | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply (Menu Link)
(Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students Parents
Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change
Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's
University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San
Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board
of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create
Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree
Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research
Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate &
Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San
Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of
Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid
Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet
Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate
Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of
Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research
Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching
Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought
& the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms
Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts &
Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment
Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career
Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events THE SAN FRANCISCO CONNECTION Internships Home
Academics The San Francisco Connection Iconic Internships Make the Career Services Center your second home. Find
internships that interest you. Explore different fields before you graduate. Then land a job that you love. Find Your
Dream Internship From Here Previous slide Next slide Alyssa Nakken MA '15 San Francisco Giants The first woman to work
as a full-time coach in Major League Baseball got her start as an intern. Alyssa's Story Ethan Tan '21 The Pentagon
"After interning at the Pentagon as a USF in DC fellow, I became a full-time legislative analyst for the Defense
Department the day I graduated from USF." Ethan's Story Diana Guardado '15 Pixar Animation Studios "At the Career
Services Center in my senior year when I saw an internship at Pixar, I went for it." Diana's Story Brian Rezende '19
Intern at Boston Medical Center An internship inspired him to be a neurosurgeon. Brian's Story USF students intern with
companies all over the San Francisco Bay Area and beyond. Here are just a few: Amazon Andersen Tax Apple Coalition on
Homelessness De Young Museum Electronic Arts Fairmont Hotel SF Golden State Warriors Goldman Sachs Kaiser Permanente
LiveNation San Francisco Chronicle Senator Kamala Harris UCSF Medical Center Find Internships Unlimited 2000
internships are posted at the Career Services Center each month 77% of USF undergraduates land at least two internships
during their time at USF 87,010 jobs and internships posted during the 2021-22 academic year Network With Our Alumni
organizations, including corporations, nonprofits, start-ups, and government agencies. Come ask them to connect you
with internships and jobs across the full spectrum of industries. Meet Our Alumni Keep Exploring City as Classroom The
San Francisco Connection Global USF Take the Next Step Request Information Visit USF Connect With Us Site Footer
University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link
is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is
external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore
Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Visit Give to USF myUSF Consumer Information
Title: Honors College | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/academics/undergraduate-experience/honors-college 
 Honors College | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply (Menu Link)
(Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students Parents
Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change
Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's
University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San
Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board
of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create
Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree
Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research
Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate &
Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San
Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of
Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid
Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet
Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate
Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of
Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research
Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching
Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought
& the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms
Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts &
Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment
Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career
Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events Honors College Home Academics The Undergraduate
Experience Honors College Honors College Admissions Curriculum J. Paul Getty Scholars Faculty & Staff FAQ Explore your
you graduate but right now. Our Mission The Honors College is a scholarly community built on collaborative inquiry and
grounded in the Jesuit educational mission of social justice, global perspective, and cura personalis. We encourage you
to think critically, to develop an interdisciplinary understanding of the world around you, and to effect sustainable
change. You'll take small interactive seminars to fulfill the core requirements and develop a strong foundation for
your academic, professional, and personal interests through our four pillars: Previous slide Next slide Liberal Arts
demand by employers and graduate schools. Interdisciplinary Inquiry Collaborate across disciplines to address today's
and events, become a thoughtful global leader who effects positive social change. Experiential Engagement Get outside
the classroom to learn from experiences and community members through events, field trips, and class projects. 440
Honors college scholars 20 Max number of students in an Honors College Class $15 Million The largest gift to the Honors
College Why Join the Honors College? The Honors College gives you extra rigor, more course options, and more
extracurricular opportunities. Why Should You Join? Charting a New Course No class in the Honors College is larger than
Our Curriculum J. Paul Getty Scholars The J. Paul Getty Fellowship is awarded to a small group of incoming students
each year. Getty Scholars receive additional funds for four years to support educational activities such as Global
JumpStarts and study abroad, internships, research assistantships, and specialized equipment. J. Paul Getty Scholars
Connect With Us FAQ Honors College Admissions Meet the Faculty & Staff Admission & Aid Undergraduate Admission
Financial Aid & Cost The Value of a USF Education Honors College Main Campus Monica Doblado, Program Director
mmdoblado@usfca.edu (415) 422-2427 2130 Fulton St.Kalmanovitz Hall 144San Francisco, CA 94117-1080 Sky Berry-Weiss,
Program Assistant sdberryweiss@usfca.edu (415) 422-5314 Find Us Online Instagram (link is external) X (link is
external) Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555
Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is
external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media Academics Academic
Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Visit Give
Title: Libraries | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/academics/libraries 
 Libraries | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply (Menu Link)
(Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students Parents
Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change
Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's
University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San
Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board
of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create
Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree
Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research
Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate &
Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San
Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of
Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid
Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet
Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate
Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of
Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research
Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching
Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought
& the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms
Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts &
Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment
Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career
Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events ACADEMICS Libraries Home Academics Libraries Find a
quiet spot to study, book a group study room, or unwind with a magazine. Gleeson Library and library staff are the
heart of campus. We provide resources, services, and spaces to develop the whole person and support scholarly growth.
We are here for you, online and in person. Gleeson Library | Geschke Center Your Home for Research, Discovery, and
Streaming videos available through our website 2 Billion Articles to support your research and writing 28 Rooms For
student group study projects and meetings 60 Library staff and student workers here to help you Dorraine Zief Law
Library Supporting the curricular and research needs of the USF Law community. Our professional law librarians teach
practical legal research strategies. Dorraine Zief Law Library Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton
Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external)
LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers
at USF News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour
Campus Safety Title IX Apply Visit Give to USF myUSF Consumer Information Privacy Statement Web Accessibility Copyright
Title: Visit USF - Admission | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/admission/visit 
 Visit USF - Admission | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply
(Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students
Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change
Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's
University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San
Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board
of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create
Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree
Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research
Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate &
Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San
Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of
Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid
Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet
Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate
Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of
Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research
Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching
Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought
& the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms
Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts &
Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment
Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career
55-acre campus in the center of San Francisco. In-Person Campus Visit Join us for an Undergraduate Admission campus
tour and information session. Our University Ambassadors can answer your questions about academics, student life, or
visit. We offer group tours to high school or transfer students. Our University Ambassadors would be happy to show you
around. Schedule a group visit Virtual Info Session Join a virtual information session to learn what to expect in the
admission process and see what makes USF an incredible place to study. Special sessions are available for
international, transfer, and nursing students. Sign Up for a virtual info session Admission Events Join us for an event
relax. Sign Up Download Campus Map Having the city of San Francisco be an extension of the campus appealed to me, and I
Interested in USF? Chat with a current USF student to get your questions answered right away. Virtual Tour Explore our
beautiful 55-acre campus, including classrooms, libraries, and more. This tour is available in English, Spanish and
Mandarin. Welcome Center Main Campus admission@usfca.edu (415) 422-6563 Lone Mountain Main 2512800 Turk Blvd.San
Francisco, CA 94118 Hours Monday - Friday: 8:30 a.m. - 5 p.m. Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton
Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external)
LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers
at USF News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour
Campus Safety Title IX Apply Visit Give to USF myUSF Consumer Information Privacy Statement Web Accessibility Copyright
Title: Arts & Culture | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/life-at-usf/campus-experience/arts-culture 
 Arts & Culture | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply (Menu Link)
(Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students Parents
Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change
Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's
University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San
Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board
of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create
Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree
Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research
Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate &
Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San
Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of
Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid
Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet
Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate
Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of
Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research
Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching
Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought
& the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms
Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts &
Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment
Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career
Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events THE CAMPUS EXPERIENCE Arts & Culture Home Life at USF
The Campus Experience Arts & Culture Music. Galleries. Dance. Theater. USF is a place for artists, designers,
architects, performers, and community members to think critically, make powerfully, and engage thoughtfully in the
heart of the city that creates tomorrow. Street & Music Festivals From Outside Lands to Hardly Strictly Bluegrass, the
J-Pop Summit to USF's Donaroo, music festivals, street fairs, and cultural celebrations are an easy way to experience
Young Museum and the California Academy of Sciences in Golden Gate Park; a short bus ride to the SFMOMA, San Francisco
Ballet, and SF Opera; or an easy drive to world-class institutions in Berkeley, Oakland, Palo Alto, and San Jose.
a range of media including drawing, printmaking, digital photography, video, digital fabrication, ceramics, and
woodworking. XARTS Facilities Visit Our Gallery USF's Thacher Gallery presents free public programs such as artist
talks, craft demonstrations, and docent-led tours for all ages. The facility also serves as a professional training
laboratory for students interested in arts management, museum studies, and exhibitions. Thacher Gallery Watch a Live
Performance Students have access to multiple performance spaces, including the Presentation and Studio theaters, and
groups like the College Players. Performance Spaces Performance Opportunities Develop your own voice through the
performing arts. Learn firsthand what it means to be a working artist using your craft to advance social justice. Dance
Music Theatre Presentation Theater Gets a Makeover Presentation Theater, the 430-seat venue in the School of Education
building on Turk near Masonic, has been renovated and is now open for business. Read the Story Site Footer University
of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external)
Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect
Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus
Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Visit Give to USF myUSF Consumer Information Privacy
Title: Maps & Directions | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/directions 
 Maps & Directions | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply (Menu
Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students
Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change
Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's
University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San
Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board
of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create
Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree
Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research
Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate &
Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San
Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of
Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid
Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet
Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate
Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of
Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research
Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching
Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought
& the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms
Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts &
Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment
Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career
Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events Maps & Directions Home Maps & Directions Maps &
Directions Parking Transit Options Contact Us Directions The Lone Mountain visitor entrance is located on Turk Street
(one block north of Golden Gate), between Parker Avenue and Temescal Terrace. A second visitor kiosk on main campus can
be reached from Golden Gate Avenue, between Roselyn Terrace and Tamalpais Terrace. To Reach the Office of Admission The
Office of Admission is located on Lone Mountain at 2800 Turk Street. Proceed up the ramp and ask for directions and
parking instructions at the visitor kiosk. For open houses and other events, take advantage of our special admission
event parking. Special Admission Event & Bus Parking Instructions Campus Map Virtual Tour Schedule a Campus Tour
Explore More Find Your Program Attend an Event Our Locations Take the Next Step Request Information Apply Connect With
Us Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us
Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube
(link is external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog
Bookstore Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Visit Give to USF myUSF Consumer
Title: Student Launches AI Project that Makes Learning a Language Easier | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/news/student-launches-ai-project 
 Student Launches AI Project that Makes Learning a Language Easier | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu
Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving
Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission &
Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions
Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San
Francisco Main Campus Downtown San Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage
Rates President & Leadership Board of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office
USF News Academics Learn to Create Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors
Graduate Programs Dual Degree Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic
Support Undergraduate Research Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health
Professions Advising Graduate & Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional
Certificates Executive Education The San Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges
College of Arts & Sciences School of Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health
Professions Libraries Admission & Aid Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International
Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions
Student Resources International Graduate Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of
Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty &
Research Faculty & Student Research Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia
Pacific Studies Center for Teaching Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane
Center for Catholic Social Thought & the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common
Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the
City The Campus Experience Arts & Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student
Activities Student Employment Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing
Dining on Campus Career Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events Equipped to Lead and Succeed
Student Launches AI Project that Makes Learning a Language Easier He hopes to found a startup by Mary McInerney, USF
News January 18, 2024 At CS Night in December, some of the Duets.ai team presented the project. They are Travis Oleson,
Marcos Abadi Nakach, Alessandro Barrera, Colm Lang, Valerio Mirarchi, Frank Guglielmo, Arash Ansari, and Parisa Abbasi.
students and teachers, in order to help language students achieve speaking proficiency. Today, Duets.ai has an entire
USF team working on it, including several School of Management professors, three graduate computer science students,
four undergraduate computer science students, three Italian-language students, and a Spanish-language student and
professor. Mirarchi, who is from Milan, Italy, said he wants to assist students who are learning to speak foreign
languages by developing a tool with personalized insights and exercises generated by AI. The tool uses ChatGPT 4.0,
with special access the team was given as part of the Microsoft for Startups program, to process recordings of the
Professor Ana Urrutia-Jordana said she has been testing the prototype since fall 2023, and Mirarchi sent her the first
completed a prototype of the tool in late 2023. Behind the scenes are students like Arash Ansari, a graduate computer
science student who graduates in May. Ansari worked as an electrical engineer for Intel Corporation, but always had an
interest in coding and came to USF seeking a shift in his career. He has been particularly interested in the ethical
Ansari, along with fellow computer science students Parisa Abbasi, Travis Oleson, Alessandro Barrera, Colm Lang, Marcos
Abadi, and Frank Guglielmo, takes the transcripts of the spoken lessons and prompts the AI platform to create materials
Succeed USF Grads Land Jobs, Expand Their Careers Research Astrophysics Professor and Undergraduates Unlock the Secrets
of Outer Space Campus Life 2023: The Year in Review Share Copy Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Email more news Site Footer
University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link
is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is
external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore
Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Visit Give to USF myUSF Consumer Information
Title: Orange County | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/orange-county 
 Orange County | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply (Menu Link)
(Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students Parents
Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change
Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's
University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San
Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board
of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create
Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree
Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research
Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate &
Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San
Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of
Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid
Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet
Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate
Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of
Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research
Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching
Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought
& the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms
Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts &
Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment
Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career
Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events Orange County Home Who We Are Our Location Orange
County Offering robust sport management and nursing programs, the Orange County Campus provides you with access to all
Clinical Nurse Leader (MEO), MSN Public Health - Applied Epidemiology and Population Health Methods Sport Management
Student Services Facilities Info Sessions & Events Directions Contact Us Programs Offered in USF Orange County Campus
Clinical Nurse Leader (MEO), MSN Sport Management MS Upcoming Events September 17 MS in Sport Management Information
Session: Meet a Student September 17, 2024 12:00PM - 1:00PM Online Zoom October 1 MS in Sport Management Information
Session October 1, 2024 6:00PM - 7:00PM Online Zoom October 22 MS in Sport Management Information Session: Meet a
Professor October 22, 2024 12:00PM - 1:00PM Online Zoom More Events I was excited about the Orange County Campus
because it allowed me to have the USF experience without having to move away from home. Being part of a smaller campus
Lives Alumni Starting Here, Reaching Far Equipped to Lead and Succeed Working Across Los Angeles Connect With Us
Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton
Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external)
LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers
at USF News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour
Campus Safety Title IX Apply Visit Give to USF myUSF Consumer Information Privacy Statement Web Accessibility Copyright
Title: Our Mission and Values | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/who-we-are/reinventing-education/our-mission-and-values 
 Our Mission and Values | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply
(Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students
Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change
Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's
University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San
Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board
of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create
Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree
Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research
Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate &
Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San
Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of
Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid
Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet
Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate
Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of
Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research
Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching
Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought
& the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms
Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts &
Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment
Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career
Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events Our Mission and Values Home Who We Are Reinventing
Education Our Mission & Values On This page Mission Statement Our Values Cura Personalis People for Others Diversity
The University of San Francisco exists to change the world for the better. Here is our statement of mission, in full:
Mission Statement Since 1855, the University of San Francisco has dedicated itself to offering a daring and dynamic
liberal arts education in the Jesuit, Catholic tradition. As a community, we empower and hold accountable our students,
faculty, librarians, staff, administrators, alumni, and community partners to be persons for and with others, to care
for our common home, including the native lands on which our campuses reside, and to promote the common good by
critically, thoughtfully, and innovatively addressing inequities to create a more humane and just world. We seek to
religions, sexual orientations, genders, generations, abilities, nationalities, occupations, and socioeconomic
backgrounds are honored and accompanied. We are committed to educating hearts and minds to cultivate the full, integral
development of each person and all persons; pursuing learning as a lifelong humanizing and liberating social activity;
and advancing excellence as the standard for teaching, scholarship, creative expression, and service. Inspired by a
faith that does justice, we strive to humbly and responsibly engage with, and contribute to, the cultural,
intellectual, economic and spiritual gifts and talents of the San Francisco Bay Area and the global communities to
which we belong. LEARN THE STORY BEHIND OUR MISSION STATEMENT Our Values At USF, we value three things in particular:
cura personalis, being people for others, and diversity in all its forms. Cura Personalis Come to USF and practice cura
personalis, or care for the whole person. We believe that your mind, body, and spirit deserve equal attention and
consideration. Mind Of course, your intellectual pursuits matter to us at USF. But there is more to your mind than what
you learn in the classroom. Come keep your mental health as robust as your intellectual growth with counseling and
psychological services, academic success coaching, and peer mentoring and support. Counseling and Psychological
Services Academic Success Coaching Body Koret Health and Recreation Center Break a sweat. Get your feet wet. Join a
team. Make friends at Koret Health and Recreation Center. Join our outdoor adventures program and do hikes, ski trips,
beach yoga, and more. Get Moving at Koret Health Promotion Services Check out our Health Promotion Services (HPS) and
gain access to a health clinic, free nutrition appointments with a dietetic technician, student health insurance, and
other resources to keep you in tip-top shape. Learn more about HPS Spirit Reflect and refresh on a retreat with
University Ministry. Volunteer across clubs and programs all over campus. Serve our surrounding community with your
Organizations People for Others At USF, social service is as important as professional success. When you leave USF with
mission. Community Engaged Learning An essential part of your undergraduate curriculum, USF's community engaged
learning courses address social needs both locally and globally. Learn more about Community Engaged Learning
Living-Learning Communities Want to explore social issues in a deeper, more connected way? Join a living-learning
community, where you'll enroll in a common set of courses and live together in a residential setting. Find the
community that's right for you The Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good The center provides
service learning and government experiences that inspire you to promote the good of all society's members. View the
McCarthy Center's programs Diversity Whatever your creed, culture, color, country, identity, and orientation, you are
welcome at USF. Learn About Our Diverse Community Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San
Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link
is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News &
Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety
University of San Francisco
Title: University of San Francisco Homepage | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/ 
 University of San Francisco Homepage | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term
Search: Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu
Link) Students Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots
Agents for Change Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San
Francisco's University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus
Downtown San Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President &
Leadership Board of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics
Learn to Create Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs
Dual Degree Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support
Undergraduate Research Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions
Advising Graduate & Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates
Executive Education The San Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of
Arts & Sciences School of Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries
Admission & Aid Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates &
Deadlines Meet Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources
International Graduate Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price
Calculator Types of Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty &
Student Research Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies
Center for Teaching Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for
Catholic Social Thought & the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good
Innovation Labs Star Route Farms Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City
The Campus Experience Arts & Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student
Activities Student Employment Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing
Dining on Campus Career Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events University of San Francisco
Homepage USF_arrow_icon_wht Meet USF Where You Are USF admission counselors are on the road. Meet yours and ask
questions. See the Travel Schedule USF_arrow_icon_wht Get to Know the Neighborhood Find food, fun, friends in the heart
of San Francisco. At USF, everything the city offers is within your reach. Explore The City USF_arrow_icon_wht Ready,
Set, Go Classes have begun. Come roll up your sleeves and learn by doing. Learn from Here What DoesUSF Offer You?
<span class="highlight">Matter</span> An Education That <span class="highlight">Pays Off</span> <span
Diverse Campus Come study at the university ranked No. 1 in the nation for diversity. Meet, mix, exchange ideas, work
make a difference. Explore Your Options An Education That Pays Off Come to USF and hone the skills that get you hired:
how to think critically, how to communicate clearly, how to collaborate effectively, and how to solve problems. Learn
to Earn A City Like No Other Only USF puts you in the heart of San Francisco, with energy, ideas, diversity, research,
internships, jobs, and fun at your fingertips. Why be near when you can be here? Explore the City Teachers Who Care
body, and spirit. They see you, hear you, challenge you, help you. Meet your mentors Follow Your Interests, Find Your
paths to success. Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree Programs Professional Certificates An
Academic Experience Like No Other The Undergraduate Experience Come study with professors, not with graduate students.
In small classes, not big lecture halls. Undergraduate Experience The Graduate Experience Invest in your future.
World-Changing Research Do real research with your professors and classmates. Connect with people making a difference.
Faculty & Research A Global Perspective Come find the world on our campus. See the world through different lenses.
Learn with students and professors from all over the globe. Global Perspective #1 in ethnic diversity among national
universities U.S. News & World Report 2024 Top 6% in lifetime earnings Georgetown University "Ranking 4,500 Colleges by
ROI" 2022 Best Value in the top 50% U.S. News & World Report 2024 Top 30% among national universities U.S. News & World
Report 2024 96.9% Satisfied or strongly satisfied on graduating student survey 13:1 student-to-faculty ratio 9,212
Total enrollment for 2023 Top 15% in actual graduation rate U.S. News & World Report 2024 Top 20% for Social Mobility
U.S. News & World Report 2024 Interested in USF? Take the next step. Request Info Visit USF Connect with Admission
September 6 Embed Your Impact in Every Line of Code: Use Data to Save the Earth September 6, 2024 12:30PM - 2:00PM
On-Campus Event - 101 Howard Street September 9 Organization & Leadership, Virtual Information Session September 9,
2024 12:30PM - 1:30PM Online via Zoom September 9 Learning and Instruction, EdD Virtual Information Session September
9, 2024 6:00PM - 7:00PM Online via Zoom more events @usfca Instagram (link is external) Facebook (link is external)
LinkedIn (link is external) YouTube (link is external) X (link is external) Powered by Curator.io Take Our Virtual Tour
Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us
Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube
(link is external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog
Bookstore Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Visit Give to USF myUSF Consumer
Title: Bookstore | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/bookstore 
 Bookstore | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply (Menu Link)
(Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students Parents
Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change
Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's
University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San
Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board
of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create
Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree
Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research
Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate &
Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San
Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of
Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid
Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet
Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate
Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of
Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research
Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching
Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought
& the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms
Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts &
Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment
Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career
Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events Bookstore More than just textbooks and sweatshirts,
the University Center, or shop online to check out all the latest styles. Shop Online Explore Our Offerings Textbooks
looking for art materials or medical kits, find what you need in our huge selection of school supplies. The Dons Tech
Hub The USF bookstore is an Apple Authorized Campus Store, offering educational pricing on the latest in Mac, and iPad
models for you to try out right on campus without taking a trip to the Apple store. We have a team of Apple-Certified
associates ready to answer any questions you might have. Apparel and Accessories Show your Dons pride! From bags and
jackets, to shirts and sweats, to license plate frames, coffee mugs and more, we have Dons gear for you and your
family. Visit the Bookstore Close close USF's Bookstore Shop course materials, textbooks, USF apparel, school supplies,
and dorm decor. Visit us in person or online. USF Bookstore Main Campus bookstore@usfca.edu (415) 422-6493 University
Center1st Floor Hours Store Hours Find Us Online X (link is external) Instagram (link is external) YouTube (link is
external) Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555
Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is
external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media Academics Academic
Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Visit Give
Title: The Value of a USF Education - Admission | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/admission/usf-education-value 
 The Value of a USF Education - Admission | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term
Search: Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu
Link) Students Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots
Agents for Change Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San
Francisco's University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus
Downtown San Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President &
Leadership Board of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics
Learn to Create Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs
Dual Degree Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support
Undergraduate Research Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions
Advising Graduate & Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates
Executive Education The San Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of
Arts & Sciences School of Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries
Admission & Aid Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates &
Deadlines Meet Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources
International Graduate Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price
Calculator Types of Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty &
Student Research Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies
Center for Teaching Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for
Catholic Social Thought & the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good
Innovation Labs Star Route Farms Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City
The Campus Experience Arts & Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student
Activities Student Employment Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing
Dining on Campus Career Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events The Value of a USF Education
Home Admission & Aid Value of a USF Education USF delivers powerful outcomes. Come to USF and learn to succeed in every
field from business and government to engineering and the arts. Come to USF and succeed in life. Top 6% in lifetime
earnings USF graduates see a higher return on their investment over their working lives than do alumni from 1,600 other
U.S. four-year universities (source: Georgetown University "Ranking 4,500 Colleges by ROI" 2022). 93% graduation rate
93 percent of USF undergraduates who attend full-time each semester graduate in four years. Top 20% for social mobility
Among 434 national universities, USF ranks 70th for its success in graduating students from families earning less than
median annual income of $89,812 10 years after starting college is 67 percent higher than the midpoint for graduates
from other four-year schools nationwide, including UCLA, UC San Diego, and Loyola Marymount (source: federal College
Scorecard 2024). Image Median Starting Monthly Salaries by Major (source: 2023 federal College Scorecard median monthly
earnings 2 years after graduation) Gain Experience 77% of undergraduates land at least two internships during their
time at USF 2,000 internships posted at the Career Services Center each month 100+ Study Abroad Programs in over 40
countries 128,000+ alumni in 147 countries Top 20 for Tech Salaries Wall Street Journal WIN AN AWARD FROM NASA, LAUNCH
A STARTUP TO PREDICT WILDFIRES See what happens when an environmental science student and an entrepreneurship student
team up. Work together to Create Change Instead of constantly putting out wildfires, we wanted to figure out how do we
science student and an entrepreneurship student team up. Read the Story Study Further A University of San Francisco
education equips and inspires you to study further at institutions such as these: Image or Change the World at Work Use
Succeed Meet Four New Graduates Who Have Jobs Lined Up Make the City Your Classroom Learn by Doing Live in the Heart of
the City Connect With San Francisco Find Your Future From Here Explore Internships Plan for Your Career Make a
difference Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555
Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is
external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media Academics Academic
Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Visit Give
Title: Community-Engaged Learning | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/academics/learn-create-impact/community-engaged-learning 
 Community-Engaged Learning | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply
(Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students
Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change
Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's
University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San
Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board
of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create
Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree
Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research
Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate &
Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San
Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of
Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid
Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet
Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate
Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of
Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research
Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching
Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought
& the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms
Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts &
Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment
Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career
Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events Community-Engaged Learning Home Academics Learn to
Create Impact Community-Engaged Learning Work with local leaders and residents on local issues. Learn to listen and
listen to learn. Engage in activities that address justice issues, strengthen communities, and enhance your civic
competencies and values. Use what you learn to help change the world. Make the City Your Classroom Contribute to local
organizations, reflect on justice issues, and explore your civic identity in courses that inspire you to be an agent of
change. As an undergraduate, you are required to complete one community-engaged learning course in order to graduate.
Previous slide Next slide Community Organizing Engage with the community and campus partners to address societal needs
not currently being met. Through reflection and critical analysis, you'll examine public issues and explore your civic
identity. Organizational Communication Observe a specific organization and analyze the cultures and structures within
which you contribute to the operations of the organization. Pollination Biology Work with an organization focused on
pollinator conservation, habitat restoration, or food production. Take excursions to natural history museums and urban
gardens. Learn how to advocate for practices and policies that protect pollinators and promote pollination.
Professional Power and Influence Examine how concepts and theories of power and influence play out in a community
setting while developing both the skill and commitment to participate in civic life, address community-identified
priorities, and contribute to the advancement of the public good. Engaging Faith and Nonviolence Encounter and reflect
on the reality of violence and learn from community members engaged in nonviolence through activism, empowerment, and
service. Partnerships may include faith-based community organizers, faith-based multi-service providers and
congregations, and non-faith-based community organizations that address aspects of nonviolence. Join a Living-Learning
Community Live with others while taking a common set of courses that integrate core requirements into the curriculum.
Living-learning communities include a year-long community-engaged learning initiative that enables you to build
relationships with the community and maximize contributions to social change efforts. Living-Learning Communities
Contribute to Social Justice Take community-engaged learning beyond your coursework and join initiatives and programs
that advance the common good while also developing your academic, professional, and civic skills. Pursue Public Service
Fashion a more humane and just world. Cultivate authentic community partnerships while pursuing a life of ethical
public service. Leo T. McCarthy Center Confront Injustice Confront injustice and inhumanity in all forms. Study the
philosophy and methods of nonviolence. Work to address social problems in our communities, across the nation, and
around the world. Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice Support Your Neighbors Support children, youth, and
families in the Western Addition to achieve their full potential in education, health, career development, and housing.
Engage San Francisco Become an Agent for Change July 24, 2024 USF Student Secures Campus Housing for Immigrants July
19, 2024 Student Wins National Fellowship for Community Service June 14, 2024 USF Students Make Their Mark in Public
Service January 19, 2023 Student Sees the Public Library as an Instrument of Justice Keep Exploring Community
Engagement Activism & Engagement Learn to Create Impact Take the Next Step Request Information Visit USF Connect With
Us Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us
Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube
(link is external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog
Bookstore Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Visit Give to USF myUSF Consumer
Title: CRASE | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/crase 
 CRASE | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply (Menu Link) (Menu
Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students Parents Faculty &
Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change Standing For
Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's University Our
History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San Francisco Orange
County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board of Trustees
Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create Impact
Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree Programs
Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research Study
Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate & Professional
Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San Francisco
Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of Education
School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid Undergraduate
Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet Your Admission
Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate Financial Aid
& Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of Aid Visit USF
Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research Research Centers &
Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching Excellence CRASE
Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought & the Ignatian
Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms Our Faculty
Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts & Culture
Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment Student
Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career Planning &
Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events CRASE CENTER FOR RESEARCH, ARTISTIC, AND SCHOLARLY EXCELLENCE
CRASE Home Faculty & Research Research Centers & Institutes CRASE CRASE About Staff Advisory Board At USF, faculty make
problems. Our faculty have garnered numerous accolades, including major grants, competitive fellowships, and
scholarships, while their creative works have been featured in major art venues, readings, performance centers, and
film festivals around the globe. Visit our myUSF Page Inside CRASE Blog Submit a Proposal. Receive a Grant. CRASE is
dedicated to research, scholarship, and artistic efforts that directly investigate and address the many pressing
social, cultural, economic, and environmental issues currently emerging with the rapid proliferation of new
technologies, social media, global crises, political upheavals, and climate change. CRASE Programs Faculty Spotlights
See recently released faculty research, creative works, and accomplishments. Faculty Research and Creative Work Journal
of Interdisciplinary Perspectives and Scholarship Explore articles and creative works by USF faculty that facilitate
conversation on research, theory, fiction, concepts, and practice on a range of topics across diverse educational,
sociopolitical, artistic, and cultural contexts. Explore the Journal Inside CRASE crase One Planet, Many Worlds: A
Conversation with Dr. Dipesh Chakrabarty crase Faculty Spotlight: Monisha Bajaj crase Faculty Spotlight: Brian Komei
Dempster CRASE Main Campus crase@usfca.edu Connect With Us X (link is external) Facebook (link is external) Site Footer
University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link
is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is
external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore
Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Visit Give to USF myUSF Consumer Information
Title: x.com
 url: https://www.twitter.com/usfca 
 x.com
Title: Current Students | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/current-students 
 Current Students | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply (Menu
Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students
Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change
Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's
University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San
Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board
of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create
Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree
Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research
Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate &
Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San
Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of
Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid
Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet
Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate
Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of
Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research
Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching
Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought
& the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms
Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts &
Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment
Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career
Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events INFO FOR Current Students Home Current Students At
USF you never, ever have to go it alone. Here are just some of the people and programs here to help. Ask and you shall
receive. What You Need to Know and Do Check the Academic Calendar Learn key dates and deadlines. Calendar Meet Your
Success Coach Visit the Center for Academic and Student Achievement. CASA Learn How to Learn Explore resources for
learning and research at Gleeson Library. Libraries Register for Classes Learn how here. Register Learn Webtrack Use
this online advising and registration tutorial to understand graduation requirements, navigate the registration portal,
and register for classes. Webtrack Keep Track of Tuition See your tuition, fees, payments, and financial aid credits.
Tuition Explore Your Academic Resources Find a tutor. Land an internship. Ask yourself where in the world you might
like to live and learn. And more. Bookstore Career Services Catalog Find Your Program Graduation Center International
Student and Scholar Services Learning, Writing, & Speaking Centers Student Disability Services Study Abroad University
Registrar Make the Most of Your Life at USF Get involved. Have fun. Repeat. Previous slide Next slide Cheer for the
Dons Learn about Dons Athletics, purchase tickets, and view the events calendar. Athletics Belong Get to know the
Cultural Centers. The Gender & Sexuality Center and the Intercultural Center serve as both physical spaces on campus
where students build community and as outlets for student-run programs that explore social issues and identity.
Cultural Centers Dig In Find out where to eat on campus, including the newest dining hall on Lone Mountain. Dining on
Campus Play Explore recreation, wellness programs, sports, and fitness services at Koret Health & Recreation Center.
Koret Live Explore information and resources for housing both on and off campus. Student Housing Lead The office of
Student Leadership & Engagement invites you to join a club (or three) and develop your leadership. Student Leadership &
Engagement Campus Services Take care of your mind, body, and spirit. Counseling & Psychological Services Health
Promotion Services Office of Financial Aid One Card Public Safety Student Employment Title IX University Ministry
Events on Campus September 12 Davies Forum Presents: Film Screening of Birthing Justice September 12, 2024 5:30PM -
8:00PM McLaren Complex 252 Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA
94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external)
Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media
Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title
of San Francisco
Title: Our Jesuit Roots | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/who-we-are/reinventing-education/jesuit-roots 
 Our Jesuit Roots | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply (Menu
Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students
Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change
Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's
University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San
Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board
of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create
Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree
Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research
Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate &
Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San
Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of
Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid
Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet
Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate
Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of
Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research
Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching
Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought
& the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms
Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts &
Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment
Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career
Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events WHAT DOES JESUIT MEAN? Our Jesuit Roots Home Who We
Are Reinventing Education Our Jesuit Roots USF is a Jesuit university. This means that we exist to do only one thing:
equip and inspire you to explore, engage, and improve the world. What does it mean to be Jesuit educated? It means to
change the world for the better, in ways large and small. Learn About Our Values Sarah Hillenbrand Assistant Professor,
Psychology & Neuroscience What is USF's Jesuit Mission? Right now, we are at a critical juncture in history where
students have a tremendous opportunity to redefine the purpose of their education, and the even more tremendous
a more humane and just world. Jesuit priests are scholars and public servants. They turn learning into action. They've
been improving the world for more than 400 years. Is the student body mostly Catholic? No. Catholics make up less than
half of our undergraduate student body. The rest of the students identify as Buddhist, Hindu, Jewish, Muslim,
Mass is available but not required. And while we invite you to explore Ignatian spirituality, we also offer programs in
which people from all faiths or no religious affiliations can come together. Is there a theology requirement? Yes. But
discover how religion can serve social justice and work for the good of the entire human family and the environment
that sustains it. Meet Our Jesuits They serve the community, guide education, and influence everything. There are 25
Jesuit priests at USF, including Paul J. Fitzgerald, president of the university. Many Jesuits are graduate students or
faculty or staff members, and 20 of them live in Loyola House on campus and minister to the USF community. Read about
the community Go Forth and Serve the World Campus Life New Chancellor Brings Fresh Hope to the Hilltop Management for
the Common Good Global Perspective Here Come the Jesuits Keep Exploring Our Mission & Values Reinventing Education Our
History Take the Next Step Request Information Visit USF Connect With Us Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo
2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is
external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us
Directory Careers at USF News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps &
Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Visit Give to USF myUSF Consumer Information Privacy Statement Web
Title: Star Route Farms | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/faculty-research/star-route-farms 
 Star Route Farms | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply (Menu
Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students
Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change
Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's
University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San
Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board
of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create
Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree
Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research
Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate &
Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San
Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of
Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid
Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet
Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate
Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of
Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research
Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching
Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought
& the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms
Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts &
Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment
Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career
Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events Star Route Farms Home Faculty & Research Star Route
organic farm, SRF is comprised of 40 acres of organically farmed land and 60 acres of mixed-woodland habitat, including
riparian forest and a year-round stream, Pine Gulch Creek. The farm, land, creek, and associated out-buildings provide
USF faculty, staff, and students an incredible opportunity to escape the urban landscape and participate in innovative
learning experiences through courses, research, retreats, and workshops. Pope Francis, a Jesuit, has embraced
us to care for earth as a mother or sister who needs our assistance in recovering from the damage we have inflicted
upon her. Star Route Farms is one of many ways USF is helping students to save the world from here. Escape the Urban
Landscape Classical Studies students did a comparative study of ancient and contemporary farming practices Retreat
writing retreats, and small symposia The Biology department's Pollination Biology class visited the farm to examine
pollinator community diversity Nature outings and experiential learning at the farm are now a regular part of the
Environmental Studies program Stream ecology and land ethics are among the many subjects studied on SRF grounds
Philosophy, and all levels of staff and administration Community Garden outreach has been extended by the addition of
SRF to USF Do Hands on Research Impact of Climate Change on Soil Microbes With the current climate crisis, how do
extreme changes in precipitation affect organic farm soil? The Zimmerman Lab is conducting a controlled microcosm
experiment to study how moisture stress and cover crop integration affect soil microbes and their ability to cycle
nutrients. Carbon Sequestration How does land use and soil composition impact carbon storage? Calla Schmidt aims to
find out when creating a soil carbon storage inventory by analyzing carbon storage from SRF soil cores. Explore a
Living Laboratory Get involved in environmental and sustainability issues, meet new friends, check out a beehive, and
more. Community Garden Practice Sustainability Global Perspective In Overseas Immersion, Management Students Learn
Consulting on the Fly Equipped to Lead and Succeed Undergraduates Win Award from NASA, Launch Startup to Predict
Wildfires Equipped to Lead and Succeed USF Grad Practices Capitalism With a Conscience Keep Exploring Research Centers
& Institutes Innovation Labs Beyond Carbon Neutral Take the Next Step Admission & Aid Visit USF The Value of a USF
Education Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555
Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is
external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media Academics Academic
Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Visit Give
Title: Pre-Health Professions Advising | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/academics/undergraduate-experience/pre-health-professions-advising 
 Pre-Health Professions Advising | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search:
Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link)
Students Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents
for Change Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San
Francisco's University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus
Downtown San Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President &
Leadership Board of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics
Learn to Create Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs
Dual Degree Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support
Undergraduate Research Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions
Advising Graduate & Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates
Executive Education The San Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of
Arts & Sciences School of Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries
Admission & Aid Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates &
Deadlines Meet Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources
International Graduate Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price
Calculator Types of Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty &
Student Research Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies
Center for Teaching Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for
Catholic Social Thought & the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good
Innovation Labs Star Route Farms Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City
The Campus Experience Arts & Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student
Activities Student Employment Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing
Dining on Campus Career Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events Pre-Health Professions
Advising Home Academics The Undergraduate Experience Pre-Health Professions Advising The mission of Pre-Health
Professions Advising at the University of San Francisco is to guide, motivate, and support students and alumni who are
preparing for health professional careers. USF alumni enter into various health professional programs after graduation,
including medicine, dentistry, pharmacy, optometry, veterinary medicine, physician assistant, physical therapy and
more. Pre-Health Requirements Planning your pre-health course prerequisites is an important first step in preparing for
health professional programs. While most pre-health students major in biology, it is not necessary or advantageous to
do so. It is important to choose a major that reflects your particular interests, abilities, and strengths. Course
Units BIOL 105 General Biology I Lecture/Lab 4 BIOL 106 General Biology II Lecture/Lab 4 CHEM 111/112 General Chemistry
I Lecture/Lab 3/1 CHEM 113/114 General Chemistry II Lecture/Lab 3/1 CHEM 230/232 Organic Chemistry I Lecture/Lab 3/1
CHEM 231/234 Organic Chemistry II Lecture/Lab 4/1 PHYS 100/100L Intro to Physics I Lecture/Lab 4 PHYS 101/101L Intro to
Physics II Lecture/Lab 4 Most programs require or recommend at least one semester of biochemistry. Committee Letter USF
Pre-Health Professions Advising offers a committee letter to applicants applying to dental and medical school. More
than just a letter, this process allows applicants the opportunity to receive significant feedback on their application
before submission. It is not necessary to use a committee letter for other health professional areas. While this is an
optional service, it is in the student's best interest to take advantage of this resource. 30 Under 30: Brian Rezende
Professor Marie Dutton with inspiring him to be a neurosurgeon. Read Brian's Story Make an Appointment Newsletter
Pre-Health Professions Advising on MyUSF Pre-Health Professions Advising Main Campus Marie Dutton, MSEd, Director
mdutton2@usfca.edu 2130 Fulton St.San Francisco, CA 94117-1080 Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton
Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external)
LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers
at USF News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour
Campus Safety Title IX Apply Visit Give to USF myUSF Consumer Information Privacy Statement Web Accessibility Copyright
Title: Virtual Tour - Admission | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/admission/visit/virtual-tour 
 Virtual Tour - Admission | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply
(Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students
Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change
Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's
University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San
Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board
of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create
Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree
Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research
Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate &
Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San
Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of
Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid
Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet
Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate
Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of
Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research
Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching
Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought
& the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms
Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts &
Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment
Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career
Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events VISIT USF Virtual Tour Home Admission & Aid Visit USF
Virtual Tour Check out our 55-acre campus with 360-degree views of our labs, libraries, and grassy lawns in the center
of the city. Plus, hear from some of our student support teams, like the Center for Academic and Student Achievement
(CASA) and the Career Services Center. View the Virtual Tour in English, Spanish or Mandarin Virtual Tour (English)
Virtual Tour (Spanish) Virtual Tour (Mandarin) Come see us in person Experience our beautiful Hilltop campus on a
guided tour, led by our University Ambassadors. Schedule a campus tour Office of Undergraduate Admission Main Campus
admission@usfca.edu (415) 422-6563 Lone Mountain Main 2512800 Turk Blvd.San Francisco, CA 94118 Hours Monday - Friday:
8:30 a.m. - 5 p.m. Fax (415) 422-2217 Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA
94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external)
Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media
Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title
of San Francisco
Title: Faculty & Student Research | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/faculty-research/faculty-student#main-content 
 Faculty & Student Research | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply
(Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students
Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change
Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's
University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San
Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board
of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create
Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree
Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research
Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate &
Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San
Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of
Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid
Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet
Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate
Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of
Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research
Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching
Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought
& the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms
Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts &
Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment
Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career
Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events FACULTY & RESEARCH Faculty & Student Research Home
Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research Pursue in-depth research at the highest level. Do real-world work in
small classes. Collaborate with faculty in ways not possible at other institutions. Research with Your Professors
Faculty mentor student research and creative activity across majors. Previous slide Next slide Students Help Professor
Support Maui Residents Professor Heidi Ho co-founded a non-profit providing legal support to Maui residents impacted by
Undergraduate Researchers Tackle Cancer At many universities, only graduate students do research. At USF, undergraduate
students do research, too. Meet three of them. Read the Story Student Launches AI Project that Makes Learning a
Language Easier He hopes to make the language tool available to USF students at no cost while he launches a startup to
develop the tool for customers. Read the story Astrophysics Professor and Undergraduates Unlock the Secrets of Outer
Space Xiaosheng Huang and his astrophysics students have a green light from NASA to explore the universe using the
newest space telescope in the galaxy. Read Xiaosheng's Story USF Group Delivers Peace Research Fourteen students,
grads, and faculty members from the School of Education traveled to Trinidad and Tobago to present workshops and
papers. Read the Story Undergrad Pursues Passion for Research and Community His goal: conduct research that listens to
and responds to people in their communities, leading to results that are more applicable to real life. Read Viet-Hung's
Story Student Addresses Opioid Use Disorder Sara Hamilton, a DNP MPH learner, is focusing some of her degree work on
addressing opioid use disorder. Read Sara's Story Funding & Results $1.5 million In undergraduate and graduate research
funds 1 in 5 Your chance of being treated by a USF-trained health professional if you are admitted to a Bay Area
hospital 74% Undergraduates received scholarships Explore Our Facilities Come dream, do, make, create, collaborate, ask
questions, and find solutions in our state-of-the-art facilities. Innovation Labs Share Your Work Collaborate with
faculty mentors on tackling disease, mental health, climate change, and more. Showcase your research in the College of
Arts & Sciences annual Creative Activity & Research Day. Keep Exploring Research Centers & Institutes Innovation Labs
Our Faculty Take the Next Step Admission & Aid Visit USF The Value of a USF Education Site Footer University of San
Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external)
Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect
Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus
Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Visit Give to USF myUSF Consumer Information Privacy
Title: Campus Safety | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/life-at-usf/campus-experience/campus-safety 
 Campus Safety | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply (Menu Link)
(Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students Parents
Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change
Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's
University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San
Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board
of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create
Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree
Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research
Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate &
Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San
Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of
Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid
Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet
Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate
Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of
Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research
Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching
Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought
& the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms
Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts &
Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment
Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career
Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events LIFE AT USF Campus Safety Home Life at USF The Campus
Experience Campus Safety Is San Francisco Safe? Campus Safety Stay Safe at USF Safety on the Street Office of Public
Safety Office of Public Safety Our Mission Public Safety Services & Resources Patrol and Dispatch Services
Transportation and Parking Clery Report Yes. Crime is low in San Francisco compared to other large cities. The city in
Feb. 2024 announced that crime has reached a 10-year low. The Richmond neighborhood, where USF is located, is one of
the safest in the whole city. USF stands on a hill in the center of the city, with cafes, shops, restaurants, and
clean and green and bustling. With the exception of the Tenderloin, the neighborhood from which most dire imagery
comes, a walk through San Francisco is a stroll around an affluent Pacific capital of small bookstores and night
place in which to learn to change the world. To Protect and Serve on the Hilltop For Sgt. Ray Habon, connecting with
students is an important part of keeping them safe. Remote video URL Video TranscriptMeet Sgt. Ray Habon What USF Does
to Help Keep the Community Safe Discover steps the university takes to ensure safety on campus and in the neighborhood.
Previous slide Next slide Safety Escort & Night Safety Program USF has an established safety escort service and night
safety program, including a USF Shuttle that is available seven days a week on campus and in the immediate area
surrounding our 55-acre campus. View the Services Crime Prevention Through programs, presentations, and self-defense
classes, the Department of Public Safety takes a proactive approach to preventing crime on campus. More on prevention
Disaster Preparedness Programs Building marshals, emergency alerts, disaster preparedness plans, and emergency
operations plans prepare our community for potential emergencies. How to Prepare Mobile One Card Accessing campus is a
residence halls and most campus buildings are only accessible by swiping the university-issued One Card. Learn about
working environment. Officers patrol and monitor the campus on foot, in marked vehicles, bicycles, Segways, and
motorcycles, as well as by staffing several fixed posts. Office of Public Safety Gain Secure Access to Campus Buildings
A USF ID card is required to access campus buildings and residence halls. For residence halls in particular, students
must pass through several layers of security, using their USF ID card each time to get into the building, pass the
front desk, enter the residential area, and swipe into their dorm room. The front desks of our residence halls are also
staffed 24/7 to respond to any community needs. Learn About One Card on myUSF Make the City Your Home October 27, 2023
2023 11 Tips for Settling In at USF May 10, 2023 How I Made My Way in San Francisco Annual Security and Fire Safety
Report In compliance with the Jeanne Clery Disclosure of Campus Security Policy and Crime Statistics Act (Clery Act),
the Higher Education Opportunity Act (HEOA), and the Violence Against Women Reauthorization Act of 2013 (VAWA), we are
pleased to present the University of San Francisco's Annual Security and Fire Safety Report. View the Clery Report Site
Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook
(link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is
external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore
Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Visit Give to USF myUSF Consumer Information
Title: Offices & Services Directory | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/directory 
 Offices & Services Directory | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search:
Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link)
Students Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents
for Change Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San
Francisco's University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus
Downtown San Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President &
Leadership Board of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics
Learn to Create Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs
Dual Degree Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support
Undergraduate Research Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions
Advising Graduate & Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates
Executive Education The San Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of
Arts & Sciences School of Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries
Admission & Aid Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates &
Deadlines Meet Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources
International Graduate Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price
Calculator Types of Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty &
Student Research Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies
Center for Teaching Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for
Catholic Social Thought & the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good
Innovation Labs Star Route Farms Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City
The Campus Experience Arts & Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student
Activities Student Employment Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing
Dining on Campus Career Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events Offices & Services Directory
On This page A-D E-I J-R S-Z A-D Accounting & Business Services Alumni Engagement Antiracism, Diversity, Equity &
Inclusion Assessment & Accreditation Support Athletics Staff Bookstore Career Services Center Center for Academic and
Student Achievement Center for Institutional Planning & Effectiveness Community Relations Contracts & Grants Counseling
& Psychological Services Cultural Centers Development Dining Services E-I Enrollment Communications Events Management &
Guest Services Facilities Management Faculty Association Finance & Treasury Financial Aid General Counsel Graduation
Center Health Promotion Services Housing and Residence Life Human Resources International Student and Scholar Services
Information Technology Services Internal Audit & Tax Compliance J-R Koret Library (Law), Dorraine Zief Learning &
Writing Center Library, Gleeson | Geschke Center Marketing Communications Media Relations One Card Phone Directory
(Faculty & Staff) Performance Spaces President Provost's Office Public Safety Purchasing Card Services Purchasing
Services Registration S-Z Student Accounts (Billing & Tuition) Student Conduct Student Consumer Information Student
Disability Services Student Employment Student Enrollment Services Student Leadership & Engagement Student Life Study
Abroad Thacher Gallery University Ministry USF Magazine Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street
San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn
(link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF
News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus
University of San Francisco
Title: University Ministry | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/life-at-usf/campus-experience/university-ministry 
 University Ministry | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply (Menu
Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students
Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change
Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's
University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San
Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board
of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create
Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree
Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research
Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate &
Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San
Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of
Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid
Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet
Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate
Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of
Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research
Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching
Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought
& the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms
Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts &
Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment
Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career
Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events THE CAMPUS EXPERIENCE University Ministry Home Life
at USF The Campus Experience University Ministry Consider how God is present in the world and active in your life.
Connect your faith, spirituality, and values with social justice, solidarity with the poor, and care for the earth.
Whatever your religion, belief, and identity, you are welcome. Explore Our Offerings Immersions Broaden your global
perspective. Take short term international and domestic trips in economically marginalized communities. Arrupe
Immersions Social Justice & Outreach Fashion a more humane and just world. Participate in community-based learning in
the Jesuit tradition. Social Justice Program Retreats Year-round retreats create sacred spaces and opportunities for
you to become reflective, spiritually attentive, engaged, rejuvenated, and active. Retreats Liturgies & Faith Life
Explore your spiritual potential. Meet with a spiritual director, reflect in the meditation room, and explore new faith
traditions around campus and in the local community. Liturgy and Multi-Faith Religious Diversity & Interfaith
Programming Campus-wide interfaith programs provide opportunities for collaboration and conversation among people of
all religions, beliefs, and identities. Faith & Culture Communities Faculty & Staff Spirituality Programs for faculty
and staff explore the Jesuit mission, deepen spiritual practices, and enrich professional vocations. Faculty & Staff
Spirituality Resident Ministry Resident ministers live in residence halls and connect you to UM retreats, immersion
trips, community action opportunities, student liturgies, and multi-faith events. Resident Ministry Multi-faith
Meditation Room Retreat for prayer, meditation, and spiritual activities in a space that welcomes people of all faiths
and religious traditions. Multi-faith Meditation Room Juliana Maldonado '24 Broaden Your Perspectives With Arrupe
Immersions I often tell those who are interested that if they want to be tourists in another country, study abroad. But
if you want to learn and dive into the true culture and struggles of a region, go on an immersion." Juliana Maldonado
oldest living-learning community on campus where you can study in small core curriculum classes that study the
perennial questions of humanity. Learn More 9 Facts About St. Ignatius Church That Might Surprise You At 210 feet high,
St. Ignatius Church serves as a spiritual and physical guide for many at USF and in San Francisco. Read the Story Our
Stories Campus Life 11 Tips for Settling In at USF Equipped to Lead and Succeed USF Graduate Brings Her Voice to the
Pulpit Campus Life New Ministry Director Aims for Inclusion Stay Informed Sign up to receive e-newsletters twice a
month during the academic year. Sign Up University Ministry Main Campus um@usfca.edu (415) 422-4463 Toler Hall, Lower
Level 1222130 Fulton StreetSan Francisco, CA 94117 Join Us on Social Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is
external) X (link is external) Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA
94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external)
Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media
Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title
of San Francisco
Title: Website Privacy Statement | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/privacy 
 Website Privacy Statement | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply
(Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students
Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change
Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's
University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San
Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board
of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create
Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree
Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research
Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate &
Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San
Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of
Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid
Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet
Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate
Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of
Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research
Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching
Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought
& the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms
Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts &
Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment
Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career
Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events Website Privacy Statement The University of San
Francisco is committed to protecting the privacy of confidential information that we collect when you access this
website. The purpose of this Privacy Statement is to explain how we collect, process, and share that information. This
apply to other websites operated on our behalf by third parties. You should review the privacy statements on those
other websites when you visit them. Because we may update this Privacy Statement at any time and for any reason, we
encourage you to review this Privacy Statement each time you visit the Site. What Data We Collect We collect personal
information when you access the Site, use certain functions and features of the Site, and that is relevant to a
particular request or inquiry. Depending on the nature of the request, inquiry, or use, that information may include
"personally identifiable information" that you voluntarily enter into our Site such as your name, address, phone
number, email address, date of birth, gender, education and academic background, parent and guardian information,
credit card information, and social network handle, for example. We also collect non-personally identifiable
information so that we can understand how you interact with and use the Site. That collection occurs automatically
through, for example, our use of "cookies" and web beacons. These tools track your activity on the Site for analytical
purposes by recording the make and version of your web browser, the operating system of your device and its internet
address, your internet service provider, the date, time, and duration of your visit, the referring and exiting website,
the pages you visit on the Site, and the search terms you enter. These analytics help us personalize content that you
may be interested in and are also used by us for marketing and advertising. The Site also contains links to third-party
social media sites. Those links are provided for convenience only and the linked sites are not under our operation or
control. We are not responsible for practices employed by those sites nor for the information or content they contain.
Please remember that when you use a link to leave our Site, this Privacy Statement will not apply to the sites you
visit. Your browsing and interaction on any other website, including those that have a link on our Site, are subject to
those sites' own rules and policies. We encourage you to review their privacy statements to understand how they collect
and use your personal information. You can read more about our use of cookies. Cookie Settings How We Use Your Data Our
use of your personally identifiable information can depend on what service or resource you request when using the Site,
including our use of that information to, for example, provide you with material about our academic programs, add you
to one or more of our mailing lists, process application, registration, or enrollment requests, respond to requests and
comments, and otherwise communicate with you as necessary or in any other way we may describe when you provide the
information during your visit to the Site. We also use the non-personally identifiable information that we collect to
analyze and monitor web traffic and Site performance, help us improve your browsing experience and navigation when
using our Site, and support our marketing and advertising activities. Your personal information may be used for other
operational purposes, such as security, fraud detection and prevention, and legal compliance. Only information required
for the purposes described in this Privacy Statement is collected and processed. Without that information you may not
be able to access or use the features of the Site and we may not be able to provide our web-based services to you. Who
We Share Your Data With We share your personal information internally to facilitate and manage our ability to provide
you with the services or information that you request. We also share it with third parties that we engage to assist
with information processing and storage. These include, for example, third parties that provide services such as data
and web-hosting, data analytics, application processing, financial aid, payment processing, event planning, and
marketing services. We may also share your personal information with government and law enforcement agencies to comply
with a legal process (such as a subpoena), or other legal or regulatory requirements applicable to us, or to pursue or
defend against legal claims. Other than as described in this Privacy Statement, your personal information will not be
shared by us. We will not, for example, sell your personal information or otherwise disclose it to third parties (other
than for the limited purposes described above). How We Protect Your Data We use reasonable technical, physical, and
organizational measures to protect and safeguard your personal information against unauthorized access and illegal use
or disclosure. For example, we store collected information in secure locations and limit access to that information to
trained staff whose work requires such access. For third-party vendors that we use, we require that they agree to
maintain acceptable privacy and information security practices and only provide them with the data and information they
need to perform their contracted services. Although the security of your personal information is important to us, we
cannot guarantee that security given the nature of electronic transmissions and data storage. Please keep that in mind
when you use this Site. Your Access and Choice By accessing and using our Site you consent to the data collection and
use described in this Privacy Statement. You may withdraw your consent to receive online services that you request by
unsubscribing to our communications, or by writing to us at the address in the "How to contact USF" section of this
Privacy Statement. You can also configure your browser settings to reject our cookies if you do not want us to collect
non-personally identifiable information from your Site visit: Doing so may impact your user experience when visiting
the Site. If you choose not to utilize the Site or wish to decline providing information about yourself online, you may
use other methods to communicate with us, such as U.S. mail. To withdraw your consent to receive online services and
communications provided by the third parties we use, you should contact them directly. We comply with all applicable
regulations regarding data retention and deletion of personal data and retain personal information only for as long as
necessary to, for example, fulfill the purpose for which it was collected, for strategic planning and operational
purposes, and to comply with applicable laws and retention requirements. You can ask to review, update, or make changes
to the personal information we maintain about you, or exercise your option of having your personal information
discarded without reuse or distribution, by sending a written request to the address included in the "How to contact
USF" section below. We will respond within a reasonable period of time. If you request the deactivation or change of
information on our systems, such information may be retained in our backup systems for a period of time subject to
technology restrictions, or as a precaution against systems failures before it is deleted or changed. Some information
may be retained for longer periods as required by law, contract, or auditing requirements. EEA DATA RIGHTS If you are
an individual located in the European Economic Area ("EEA") you have certain rights with regard to your personal data
collected while you are in the EEA. These rights may include right of access, right of correction, right to be
forgotten, right to restrict processing of your identifiable personal information, right to notice related to
changes/deletion/processing limits, right to data portability, right to objection, right not to be subject to decisions
based solely on automated processing, and right to withdraw consent. Some of these rights are restricted by law to
information that was collected on the basis of explicit consent, or are restricted by other conditions (such as
necessity for contract or to comply with the law). You have the right to contact us in connection with the exercise of
your rights under applicable EEA law, which you can do by writing to us at the address in the "How to contact USF"
section of this Privacy Statement. We will respond to your written request within one month, but if your request is
complex or we receive multiple requests from you, our response may be extended by an additional two months (or sooner
if required by law). Unless we notify you at the time of your request, we will not charge you any fee in connection
with the exercise of your rights. If you are not satisfied with our response, you have the right to complain to or seek
advice from a supervisory authority and/or bring a claim against us in any court of competent jurisdiction. How to
Contact USF For any comments or concerns about this Privacy Statement or your privacy rights, please contact USF's
Office of Marketing Communications by emailing webservices@usfca.edu or by writing to the University of San Francisco,
Attention: Office of Marketing and Communications, 2130 Fulton Street, San Francisco, CA 94117-1080, United States of
America. Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555
Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is
external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media Academics Academic
Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Visit Give
Title: University of San Francisco | San Francisco CA
 url: https://www.facebook.com/University.of.San.Francisco 
 University of San Francisco | San Francisco CA
Title: Administration | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/who-we-are/president-leadership/administration 
 Administration | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply (Menu Link)
(Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students Parents
Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change
Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's
University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San
Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board
of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create
Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree
Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research
Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate &
Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San
Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of
Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid
Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet
Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate
Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of
Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research
Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching
Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought
& the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms
Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts &
Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment
Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career
Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events PRESIDENT & LEADERSHIP Administration Home Who We Are
President & Leadership Administration Office of the President President: Rev. Paul J. Fitzgerald, S.J. Provost and Vice
President of Academic Affairs: Eileen Chia-Ching Fung Vice President for Business and Finance: Charles E. Cross Interim
Vice President for Development: Jayme Burke Vice President for Information Technology and Chief Information Officer:
Opinder Bawa Vice President for Marketing Communications: Ellen Ryder Vice President for Student Life: Julie Orio
General Counsel: Donna J. Davis Executive Assistant to the President and Secretary of the Board: Jaci Neesam Office of
the Provost and Vice President for Academic Affairs Provost and Vice President of Academic Affairs: Eileen Chia-Ching
Fung Interim Vice Provost for Strategic Enrollment Management: Jennifer Delahunty Vice Provost for Student Success,
Inclusive Excellence, and Curricular Innovation: Rebecca Hong Vice Provost, Global Education, Immersions and Strategic
Initiatives: Anastasia Vrachnos Interim Dean, College of Arts and Sciences: Jeff Paris Dean, School of Education:
Shabnam Koirala-Azad Dean, School of Law: Johanna Kalb Dean, University Library: Shawn Calhoun Dean, School of
Management: Otgontsetseg Erhemjamts Dean, School of Nursing and Health Professions: Eileen Fry-Bowers Director, Center
for Global Education: Sharon Li Associate Vice Provost for Educational Effectiveness: Deborah Panter Director,
International Student & Scholar Services: Marcella Pitcher DeProto Director, Institutional Research: Ted Lydon Office
of the Vice President for Business and Finance Vice President for Business and Finance: Charles E. Cross Associate Vice
President, Accounting and Business Services: Desmond Dair Associate Vice President, Finance & Treasury: Stacy Lewis
Associate Vice President, Facilities Management: Michael E. London Associate Vice President, Planning and Budget:
Michael Harrington Associate Vice President, Tax Compliance and Internal Audit: Dominic Daher Controller: Julia Terhar
Executive Director, Purchasing Services: Janet Teymourtash Director, Athletics: Larry Williams Office of the Vice
President for Marketing Communications Vice President for Marketing Communications: Ellen Ryder Associate Vice
President for Marketing: Anneliese Mauch Assistant Vice President for Content Management: Angie Davis Assistant Vice
President for Web & Digital Communications Strategy: Marlene Tom Office of the Vice President for Development Interim
Vice President for Development: Jayme Burke Associate Vice President, Annual Giving and Operations: Chantel Smith
Interim Associate Vice President, Development: Mary Bussi Interim Assistant Vice President, External Relations and
Engagement: Taryn Moore Senior Director, Administration: Sarah Blackburn Director, Annual Giving: Jason Walker
Director, Development: Polly McMullen Director, Development Communications: Robin Dutton-Cookston Director, Development
Services: vacant Co-Directors, Prospect Development: Amanda Boushey and Killian Roach Director, University Initiatives:
Bill Cartwright Office of the Vice President for Information Technology Vice President for Information Technology and
Chief Information Officer: Opinder Bawa Associate Vice President and Director, Educational Technology Services: David
Kirmse Associate Vice President and Director, Application Services: Srini Navaneethan Senior Director, Finance and
Administration: Carol Cook Director, Digital Engagement Technology: Steph Carter Director, Data and Integrations:
Nicholas Recchia Director, IT Infrastructure and Operations: Manuel Ruiz Director of Information Security & Compliance
(ISC) and Information Security Officer, Vince Villarama Office of the General Counsel General Counsel: Donna J. Davis
Associate Vice President, Compliance and Compensation: Martha Peugh-Wade Assistant Vice President, Labor and Employee
Relations: David J. Philpott Assistant Vice President, Human Resources: Diane Nelson Office of the Vice President for
Student Life Vice President for Student Life: Julie Orio Associate Vice President and Dean of Student Academic
Services: Shona Milazo Associate Vice President and Dean of Students: Shannon Gary Assistant Vice President, Student
Engagement: Lester Deanes Associate Dean, Faculty and Student Academic Services: Deanna Pachinger Associate Dean of
Students: Dan McPherson Assistant Dean, Academic Development: Dena Davis Assistant Dean of Students, Director of
Community Living: Aja Holmes Assistant Dean, Retention and Persistence: Kevin Collymore Assistant Dean, Student
Disability Services: Tom Merrell Senior Director, Public Safety: Daniel Lawson Senior Director, Career Services Center:
Alex Hochman Senior Director, Student Housing: Torry Brouillard-Bruce Director, Administrative Services: Sunny Kaido
Director, Campus Resilience: Greg Yee Interim Director, Counseling and Psychological Services: Molly Zook Director,
Cultural Centers: Erin Echols Director, First Year Programs and Family Engagement: Lamonte Stamps Director,
Administration, Budget, and Operations: Sonia Caamano Director, Health Promotion Services: Natalie Macias Director,
Organizational Effectiveness: Golden Venters Director, Public Safety Systems: Jason Rossi Director, Recreational Sports
Department: Shanie Chambers Director, Student Conduct, Rights & Responsibilities: Ryan Garcia Director, Student
vacant Associate Dean for Sciences and Engineering: Osasere Evbuomwan Interim Associate Dean for Social Sciences and
Professor: Joshua Gamson Assistant Dean for Academic Affairs: Claudine Van Delden Assistant Dean for Academic and
Faculty Services: Marvella Luey Assistant Dean for Student Academic Services: Tonya Miller Executive Director for
Operations: John J. Pinelli School of Management Dean: Otgontsetseg Erhemjamts Associate Dean for Academic Affairs:
Linda Henderson Associate Dean for Graduate Programs: Richard Stackman Associate Dean for Undergraduate Programs:
Michelle Millar Director of Development: Diana Johnston School of Education Dean: Shabnam Koirala-Azad Associate Dean
for Academic and Administrative Affairs: Colette Cann School of Law Dean and Professor: Johanna Kalb (effective July 1)
Associate Dean for Academic Affairs and Professor: Amy Flynn Associate Dean for Faculty Scholarship and Professor:
Alice Kaswan Assistant Dean for Student Affairs: Stephanie Carlos School of Nursing and Health Professions Dean: Eileen
Fry-Bowers Senior Associate Dean: Megan O'Banion Associate Dean for Health Professions: Erin Grinshteyn Associate Dean,
Nursing Academic Affairs and Faculty Development, Lynette V. Apen Associate Dean Clinical Affairs and Immersive
Learning, Jonathan Mack Director of Administration and Operations: Angelica Martinez Director of Undergraduate Student
Services, Stacey Kohut Director of Partnerships: Carolina Echeverria Director of Graduate Enrollment Operations, Patrik
Donahue University Library Dean: Shawn P. Calhoun Associate Dean, Technical Services: Erika L. Johnson Strategic
Enrollment Management Interim Vice Provost, Strategic Enrollment Management: Jennifer Delahunty Associate Vice Provost,
Enrollment Communications: Katherine Edwards Assistant Vice Provost, Graduate Enrollment: Michael Hughes Assistant Vice
Provost, Enrollment Data Management: Ingrid McVanner Assistant Vice Provost, Student Financial Services: Angelika
Williams Assistant Vice Provost, Undergraduate Admission: Ariana Pistorino University Registrar: Robert Bromfield
Athletics Director of Athletics: Larry Williams Faculty Athletic Representative (FAR): Dr. Jeremy Howell Senior
Associate Athletic Director, External Relations: Frank Allocco Associate Athletic Director, Compliance and Student
Services: Jim Campbell Associate Athletic Director, Facilities and Special Projects: Mark Papadopoulos Associate
Athletic Director, Development: Brandon Graves Senior Assistant Athletic Director, Development: Carli Thomas Site
Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook
(link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is
external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore
Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Visit Give to USF myUSF Consumer Information
Title: Think Beyond Carbon Neutral | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/who-we-are/agents-change/beyond-carbon-neutral 
 Think Beyond Carbon Neutral | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search:
Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link)
Students Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents
for Change Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San
Francisco's University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus
Downtown San Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President &
Leadership Board of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics
Learn to Create Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs
Dual Degree Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support
Undergraduate Research Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions
Advising Graduate & Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates
Executive Education The San Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of
Arts & Sciences School of Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries
Admission & Aid Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates &
Deadlines Meet Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources
International Graduate Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price
Calculator Types of Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty &
Student Research Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies
Center for Teaching Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for
Catholic Social Thought & the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good
Innovation Labs Star Route Farms Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City
The Campus Experience Arts & Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student
Activities Student Employment Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing
Dining on Campus Career Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events AGENTS FOR CHANGE Think
Beyond Carbon Neutral Home Who We Are Agents for Change Beyond Carbon Neutral Come nurture the Earth from the
University of San Francisco. In 2019, 31 years ahead of schedule, we at USF achieved carbon neutrality. This means that
more energy than we use. Come see, hear, smell, touch, and taste the work that our students, professors, and alumni are
doing to save the world. Remote video URL 140+ Number of USF courses related to the environment or sustainability. 2019
Carbon-neutral university since 2019 23% of food served in USF cafeterias that is grown or raised locally. 2,677 metric
road for a year. 1.5 megawatts of power generated by USF's cogeneration facility, which also provides heat to 14 campus
buildings. 91% of all university printing impressions were made on post-consumer recycled paper. 67% of campus waste
diverted from landfill by our recycling and composting programs. 7% reduction in annual water use since 2018. 4.5
gigawatt-hours of clean, renewable electricity generated on campus, equivalent to ~13 million miles of travel by
electric car. Welcome to Star Route Farms USF owns a certified organic farm near the town of Bolinas, 17 miles from
campus as the crow flies and 28 miles as the van drives. Star Route Farms delivers the freshest possible produce to
all disciplines. Learn More Get Your Hands Dirty Around USF, Earth Day really is every day. It's how we live and it's
what we teach. Previous slide Next slide Do Fieldwork in the Bay Area Explore your surroundings from different
perspectives to better understand environmentalism and sustainability. Environmental Studies, BA Address Environmental
Issues Study the complex interactions within ecosystems and the causes of environmental change. Develop strategies for
restoration. Environmental Science, BS Train to be a Clean Energy Leader Prepare to work in the public, private, or
nonprofit sector promoting a sustainable future. Energy Systems Management, MS Transform the Future of Food Understand
food systems, learn about equitable models of urban agriculture, and master organic gardening in the USF Community
Garden. Urban Agriculture, Minor Address Environmental Challenges Explore a mix of science and policy courses. Propose
solutions to environmental issues. Environmental Management, MS Represent Environmental Cases Create policies that
Global Perspective In Overseas Immersion, Management Students Learn Consulting on the Fly Equipped to Lead and Succeed
Undergraduates Win Award from NASA, Launch Startup to Predict Wildfires Equipped to Lead and Succeed USF Grad Practices
Capitalism With a Conscience Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA
94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external)
Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media
Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title
of San Francisco
Title: Dual Degree Programs | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/academics/find-your-program/dual-degree 
 Dual Degree Programs | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply (Menu
Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students
Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change
Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's
University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San
Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board
of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create
Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree
Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research
Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate &
Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San
Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of
Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid
Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet
Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate
Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of
Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research
Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching
Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought
& the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms
Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts &
Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment
Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career
Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events ACADEMICS Dual Degree Programs Undergraduate Majors &
Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree Programs Professional Certificates Home Academics Explore Our Programs Dual Degree
Programs Browse Full Listing I'm interested in I'm interested in Art & Design Business Computers & Technology Cultural
Studies Education Entertainment Humanities Law Leadership Marketing & Communications Math & Analytics Medicine & Health
Politics Public Policy Science Social Science I'm interested in Show Options I'm interested in RELATED PROGRAMS I want
to be a I want to be a Academic Advisor Account Executive Actor Advertising Manager Anthropologist Archeologist
Architect Archivist Athlete/Sport Administration Attorney/Lawyer Auditor Author/Writer Biologist Biotechnology Brand &
Product Management Business Business Consultant C-suite/Executive Campaign Manager Chemist Choreographer City Planner
Clinical Nurse Specialist Clinical Worker Coach Communications Leadership Communications Professional Community
Development Community Health Outreach Compliance Officer Computer Scientist Computer Training Specialist
Counselor/Therapist Creative Director Credit Analyst Curator Data Analyst Data Scientist Dentist Diplomat Disability
Specialist for Higher Ed Doctor Ecologist Economist Editor Education Administration Engineer Entrepreneur/Founder
Environmental Consultant Environmental Health Specialist Epidemiologist Fashion Designer Filmmaker Financial Consultant
Forensics Geneticist Government Official Graphic/Web Designer Health Information Specialist Health Policy Analyst
Historian Hospitality Manager Instructional Designer Interior Designer Interpreter Intervention Specialist
Journalist/Reporter Legal Program Associate Lobbyist Market Intelligence Expert Marketing Leadership Marketing
Professional Mathematician/Statistician Medical Researcher Musician NGO & Non-Profit Nurse Nurse Midwife Nurse
Practitioner Occupational Therapist Patent Prosecution Physical Therapist Physicist Policy Analyst/Maker Political
Consultant President Producer Professional Artist/Illustrator Project Manager Psychologist Public Health Nurse Public
Policy Advocate Public Relations Manager Researcher Risk Analyst Scientist Social Worker/Case Manager Sociologist
Software Developer Software Engineer Special Education Program Specialist Sponsorship Management Sustainability Manager
Teacher/Professor Theater Technician Translator Utility Analyst Youth Development Worker I want to be a Show Options I
want to be a RELATED PROGRAMS Filter Filter Filter Degree Degree Bachelor of Arts Bachelor of Science Bachelor of
Science in Business Administration Bachelor of Science in Nursing Juris Doctor Master of Arts Master of Arts in
Teaching Master of Fine Arts Master of Business Administration Master of Laws Master of Legal Studies Master of
Nonprofit Administration Master of Public Administration Master of Public Health Master of Science Professional Science
Master's Doctor of Education Doctor of Nursing Practice Doctor of Psychology Non Degree School School College of Arts
and Sciences School of Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Location
Campus Downtown East Bay Main Campus Online - Zoom Orange County Pleasanton Sacramento Santa Rosa South Bay Interests
Interests - Any -Art & DesignLeadershipBusinessCultural StudiesEducationEntertainmentHumanitiesLawMarketing &
CommunicationsMath & AnalyticsMedicine & HealthPoliticsPublic PolicyScienceSocial ScienceComputers & Technology Career
Goals Career Goals - Any -Academic AdvisorAccount ExecutiveActorAdvertising
ManagerAnthropologistArcheologistArchitectArchivistAthlete/Sport
AdministrationAttorney/LawyerAuditorAuthor/WriterBiologistBiotechnologyBrand & Product ManagementBusinessBusiness
ConsultantC-suite/ExecutiveCampaign ManagerChemistChoreographerCity PlannerClinical Nurse SpecialistClinical
WorkerCoachCommunications LeadershipCommunications ProfessionalCommunity DevelopmentCommunity Health OutreachCompliance
OfficerComputer ScientistComputer Training SpecialistCounselor/TherapistCreative DirectorCredit AnalystCuratorData
AnalystData ScientistDentistDiplomatDisability Specialist for Higher EdDoctorEcologistEconomistEditorEducation
AdministrationEngineerEntrepreneur/FounderEnvironmental ConsultantEnvironmental Health SpecialistEpidemiologistFashion
DesignerFilmmakerFinancial ConsultantForensicsGeneticistGovernment OfficialGraphic/Web DesignerHealth Information
SpecialistHealth Policy AnalystHistorianHospitality ManagerInstructional DesignerInterior
DesignerInterpreterIntervention SpecialistJournalist/ReporterLegal Program AssociateLobbyistMarket Intelligence
ExpertMarketing LeadershipMarketing ProfessionalMathematician/StatisticianMedical ResearcherMusicianNGO &
Non-ProfitNurseNurse MidwifeNurse PractitionerOccupational TherapistPatent ProsecutionPhysical TherapistPhysicistPolicy
Analyst/MakerPolitical ConsultantPresidentProducerProfessional Artist/IllustratorProject ManagerPsychologistPublic
Health NursePublic Policy AdvocatePublic Relations ManagerResearcherRisk AnalystScientistSocial Worker/Case
ManagerSociologistSoftware DeveloperSoftware EngineerSpecial Education Program SpecialistSponsorship
ManagementSustainability ManagerTeacher/ProfessorTheater TechnicianTranslatorUtility AnalystYouth Development Worker
Applied Economics (4+1), BS/MS Major, Graduate Earn your BS and MS degrees in five years. Biotechnology (4+1), BS/PSM
Major, Graduate Earn a BS in biology and a PSM degree in biotechnology in five years. Combine molecular biology with
the business and soft skills you need to succeed. Clinical Nurse Leader (4+1), BSN/MSN Major, Graduate Our Clinical
Nurse Leader (4+1) is a dual degree program that combines the BSN and the MSN into one program that saves you both time
and tuition. Computer Science (4+1), BS/MS Major, Graduate Dental Surgery, DDS/MBA Graduate, Doctoral Partnering with
the University of California San Francisco School of Dentistry, the DDS/MBA program prepares you for management and
leadership in the dental field. Education Specialist Credential for Special Education Major, Graduate, Credential
Prepare for special education careers in diverse, multicultural, and urban schools while working as a full-time intern
during your final semester. Energy Systems Management, MS/MBA Graduate Build your skills in business and sustainable
energy management. Earn two advanced degrees. Save time and the cost of 14 units. Graduate with both degrees in as few
as 36 months. Environmental Management, MS/MBA Graduate The M.S. in Environmental Management/MBA program is designed to
prepare you for leadership in the fast-growing environmental marketplace. International & Development Economics (4+1),
BS/MS Major, Graduate International Studies (4+1), BA/MA Major, Graduate Explore cultures and social movements. Do
internships and fieldwork. Tackle local issues on a global scale. Seek justice for all. Management/Business
Administration (1+2), BAM/MBA Major, Graduate Put your business career on the fast track. Earn a BA in management and
an MBA degree in as little as three years. You'll learn fundamental management disciplines and business leadership
skills that will allow you to hit the ground running wherever your career takes you. Mathematics + Applied Economics
(4+1), BS/MS Graduate MBA/JD Graduate, Doctoral Designed to give law students an in-depth knowledge of corporate
business practices and the managerial skills necessary for leading large firms and organizations. Physics + Applied
Economics (4+1), BS/MS Graduate Pre-Law Programs Major Get a leg up on law school. Public Health (4+1), BPH/MPH Major,
Graduate In just five years, earn a BS in Public Health and a Master of Public Health. Get a discount on your fifth
year. Public Policy + Urban and Public Affairs (4+1), BA/BS-MA Major, Graduate Choose any undergraduate major. Minor in
public policy. Then spend a final year getting your MA in Urban and Public Affairs. Public Health,
MPH/Psychiatric-Mental Health Nurse Practitioner (BSN), DNP Graduate, Doctoral Guide your patients through the
challenges of mental illness. Prepare to succeed in a range of fields. And earn two degrees in five years instead of
six. Public Health, Community and Public Health Practice Concentration, MPH/Family Nurse Practitioner, DNP Graduate,
instead of six. Teacher Preparation Dual Degree (4+1) Major, Graduate Earn two degrees and a Preliminary California
Teaching credential in five years. Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA
94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external)
Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media
Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title
of San Francisco
Title: Listen. Learn. Pivot. | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/news/listen-learn-pivot 
 Listen. Learn. Pivot. | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Visit
usfca.edu Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) JD LLM & Grad Tax Visit Law Library Giving Alumni & Friends Our Difference Our
Campus Our Mission & History Our People Faculty & Impact Leadership Quick Facts Consumer Information (ABA Required
Disclosures) Directory San Francisco Advantage Our Programs JD Program Full-Time Part-Time Dual Degree Programs
Certificates LLM & Graduate Tax Programs Intellectual Property & Technology Law, LLM International Transactions &
Comparative Law, LLM Master of Legal Studies in Taxation, MLST Taxation, LLM Academic Services Areas of Study
Alternative Dispute Resolution Animal Law Constitutional Law Corporate & Commercial Law Criminal Law & Procedure
Discrimination Law Environmental & Energy Law Estate Planning & Family Law Immigration Law Intellectual Property,
Technology, & Entrepreneurship Law International & Comparative Law Labor & Employment Law Litigation & Trial Advocacy
Public Interest & Social Justice Sports, Entertainment, & the Arts Taxation Law School Life & Careers Career Services
Find Your Path Market Yourself Get Hands-On Experience Build Your Network Hire USF Law Career Services Team Health &
Wellness Housing at St. Anne's Organizations & Associations Public Service & Social Justice Centers & Programs Center
for Contemplative Law & Ethics Center for Law, Tech, and Social Good The McAuliffe Honor Society Work Law & Justice
Program Events Publications School of Law News Engaged Learning Externships Intensive Advocacy Program Keta Taylor
Colby Death Penalty Project Law Clinics Legal Research, Writing & Analysis Moot Court First Year Program Advanced Moot
Court Advocacy Competition Teams Volunteer Registration Student-Run Academic Journals Admissions & Aid JD Admissions JD
Application Requirements Admissions Policy Class Profile FAQ Honors Leadership Program Admissions Events Admitted
Students LLM & Graduate Tax Admissions LLM in Intellectual Property & Technology Law Applicants LLM in International
Transactions & Comparative Law Applicants LLM in Taxation Applicants Master of Legal Studies in Taxation Applicants
Tuition & Financial Aid Tuition & Financial Aid for JD Tuition & Financial Aid for LLM & Grad Tax Law Student Veterans
Plan a Visit Detailed Driving Directions Public Transportation Directions Engaged Learning Listen. Learn. Pivot.
Professor Heidi Ho and students support Maui residents impacted by wildfires. by Sarah Cronin March 11, 2024 (Left to
response efforts by co-founding Pro Bono Organization for Native Ohana (PONO) Legal, a non-profit providing legal
from insurance to FEMA appeals, to mortgage, to real estate, to immigration, to probate, to family law. Everything is
entities like the Hawaii State Bar Association, Native Hawaiian Legal Corporation, Legal Aid Society of Hawaii, and the
says. But the team faced an additional challenge: rapidly changing disaster relief deadlines, which dictated when
residents could apply to receive Disaster Unemployment, SBA loans, FEMA appeals, or moratoriums on their mortgage
account to get the word out about legal aid, housing, and educational access. Isobe, who is originally from Mililani,
lifeguards, and police officers who lost their homes as well as several teachers. And their work will only grow. Over
Foundation (HCF) as well as a $75,000 grant from the Hawaii Justice Foundation. Ho says she feels grateful that she has
Faculty Scholarship Passion for Justice New Dean Takes the Helm at Law School Equipped to Lead and Succeed Practicing
Site Footer 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-6307 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram
(link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Careers at
USF Contact Us Directory News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Bookstore Course Catalog Library Apply Give to USF
Title: Who We Are | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/who-we-are 
 Who We Are | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply (Menu Link)
(Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students Parents
Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change
Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's
University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San
Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board
of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create
Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree
Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research
Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate &
Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San
Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of
Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid
Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet
Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate
Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of
Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research
Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching
Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought
& the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms
Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts &
Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment
Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career
Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events Who We Are Home Who We Are Welcome to the university
in the heart of San Francisco. Come make friends and meet your mentors. Find food and music, shops and museums,
cultures and communities. Take classes that stretch you, land internships that inspire you, do research that matters.
Come earn a degree in changing the world. Come Change the World From Here Like the city that surrounds it, the
climb up Lone Mountain. USF is the poem you write for an engineering project. USF is small classes with professors who
know their stuff and know your name. USF is late nights in Gleeson. USF is why? And why not? And says who? And what if?
basketball in the fall and watching baseball in the spring. USF is an open door. USF is a place at the table. USF is
you in the heart of the city that invents tomorrow, surrounded by people who care, working to change the world for the
better. Learn Our Story Why Go to USF? Select option to display slide To Celebrate Diversity To Seek Justice To Heal
the Planet To End Violence To Learn to Earn To Serve the Common Good To Celebrate <span
class="highlight">Diversity</span> To Seek <span class="highlight">Justice</span> To Heal the <span
class="highlight">Planet</span> To <span class="highlight">End Violence</span> To Learn to <span
class="highlight">Earn</span> To Serve the <span class="highlight">Common Good</span> To Celebrate Diversity Whatever
your creed, culture, color, country, identity, and orientation, you are welcome at USF. Belong Here To Seek Justice At
USF, the fight for fairness is a way of life. Come pursue justice in the classroom and in the community. Learn how To
Heal the Planet Join the community that's working to serve and to save our common home. Carbon Positive To End Violence
The Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice at USF addresses the most urgent social problems in our communities,
across the nation, and around the world. Visit the institute To Learn to Earn Come develop the skills that employers
crave most: How to think. How to create. How to collaborate. Prepare to Succeed To Serve the Common Good Come to USF
difference. Explore More John Fitzgibbons, S.J. Our chancellor spreads the word of our Jesuit mission. What makes USF
Different? USF is on the cutting edge of Jesuit higher education. It is one of the most diverse places I have ever
Management, BA read more Come Stretch Your Vision Come to USF and meet people from all over the planet. In the
tradition of Jesuit education, you'll learn how to explore, engage, and serve the world. Discover Global USF Explore
USF Visit USF Connect With Admission Request Info Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San
Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link
is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News &
Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety
University of San Francisco
Title: News - Career Services | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/life-at-usf/career-services-center/news?field_topics=2105 
 News - Career Services | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply
(Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students
Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change
Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's
University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San
Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board
of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create
Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree
Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research
Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate &
Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San
Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of
Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid
Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet
Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate
Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of
Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research
Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching
Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought
& the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms
Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts &
Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment
Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career
Filter Filter By Category By Category Diversity San Francisco Advantage Research Passion for Justice Engaged Learning
Campus Life Equipped to Lead and Succeed Faculty & Staff Achievements Global Perspective Alumni Giving Athletics By
Topic By Topic - Any -About USFAdvertisingAfrican American StudiesAlumniAnti-racismArrupe ImmersionArt +
ArchitectureArt History/Arts ManagementArts & Sciences-Arts & Sciences GivingAsian
StudiesAthleticsAwardsBASE/Marshall-Riley Living-Learning CommunityBiologyBiotechnologyBusiness AdministrationCampus
LifeCampus SafetyCareer ServicesCatholic StudiesCenter for Asia Pacific StudiesChange the World from HereChemistryChina
Business Studies InitiativeChinese StudiesCommencementCommunication StudiesComputer ScienceComputer Science BSComputer
Science MSCriminal JusticeCritical Diversity StudiesCultural AnthropologyDanceData InstituteData Science
MSDesignDiversityDoctor of Nursing Practice DNPDual Degree in Teacher PreparationEconomicsEdDEnergy Systems Management
MSEngaged LearningEngineeringEnglishEntrepreneurshipEnvironmentEquipped to Lead and SucceedExecutive
MBAExternshipFacultyFaculty In the MediaFinanceFinancial Analysis MSFine ArtsFrench StudiesGender and Sexuality
StudiesGivingGlobal PerspectiveHealth InformaticsHistoryHomeHonors CollegeHospitality ManagementInformation Systems
MSInstitute for Nonviolence and Social JusticeInternational & Multicultural EducationInternational
BusinessInternational StudentsInternational Studies BAInternational Studies MAJapanese StudiesJesuitJewish Studies and
Social JusticeKinesiologyLatin American studiesLaw-Law HomeLeadershipManagement AlumniManagement
EntrepreneursManagement Student LifeMarketingMarriage & Family TherapyMathematicsMBAMcCarthyMedia StudiesMFA in
WritingMigration StudiesModern and Classical LanguagesMuseum StudiesMusicNewsroomNonprofit Administration
MNANursingNursing MSOrange CampusOrganization Development MSPeace and Justice StudiesPeople for OthersPerforming
ArtsPhilippine StudiesPhilosophyPhysicsPleasanton CampusPoliticsPresident/ProvostPress ReleaseProfile
Faculty/StaffProfile Graduate AlumniProfile StudentProfile Undergraduate AlumniPsychologyPublic Administration
MPAPublic HealthRankingResearchRhetoric & LanguageSacramento CampusSan Francisco AdvantageSan Jose CampusSanta Rosa
CampusSchool of EducationSchool of Education Community EngagementSchool of Education ResearchSchool of ManagementSchool
of Nursing and Health ProfessionsServiceSilicon ValleySocial JusticeSociologySportSport Management MSSport Management
MS ScholarshipsStudy AbroadSustainabilityTeachingTechnologyThacher GalleryTheology & Religious StudiesUniversity
to be successful, but we know the first year can sometimes be a challenge," said Lamonte R. Stamps, assistant dean for
new student and family programs. "These tips can help students have a good year and set them up for a wonderful time at
marketing, business analytics, the value of ideas, and the importance of networking. July 31, 2024 Engaged Learning
a chance to visit and learn about working there. March 14, 2024 Equipped to Lead and Succeed USF Students Pitch
Business Ideas to Top Executives A team of graduate marketing students wrapped up their final project last fall by
sharing business recommendations with top managers, including the CEO, at Vagaro, a startup that provides business
management services to small businesses. February 14, 2024 Equipped to Lead and Succeed USF Grads Land Jobs, Expand
Their Careers In the latest employment survey conducted by USF, 81 percent of graduates from the Class of 2022 report
they are employed (compared to 77 percent from the year before), and 10 percent are continuing their education. January
11, 2024 Equipped to Lead and Succeed USF Put Him on the Path to a Career Rodrigo Bueno de Los Santos graduates this
month, a semester early, with a degree in finance, an economics minor, and a full-time job as an investment banking
analyst for Bank of America in New York. December 7, 2023 Campus Life Major Employers Come to Campus, Talk Careers At
the Meet the Pros event, USF alumni from top organizations met with students on campus last week to answer questions
about jobs, internships, and company cultures. November 16, 2023 Pagination Current page 1 Page 2 Next page Site Footer
University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link
is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is
external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore
Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Visit Give to USF myUSF Consumer Information
Title: Research Centers & Institutes | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/faculty-research/research-centers-institutes 
 Research Centers & Institutes | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search:
Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link)
Students Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents
for Change Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San
Francisco's University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus
Downtown San Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President &
Leadership Board of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics
Learn to Create Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs
Dual Degree Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support
Undergraduate Research Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions
Advising Graduate & Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates
Executive Education The San Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of
Arts & Sciences School of Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries
Admission & Aid Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates &
Deadlines Meet Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources
International Graduate Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price
Calculator Types of Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty &
Student Research Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies
Center for Teaching Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for
Catholic Social Thought & the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good
Innovation Labs Star Route Farms Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City
The Campus Experience Arts & Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student
Activities Student Employment Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing
Dining on Campus Career Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events FACULTY & RESEARCH Research
and come stretch your world with our research. Explore these places that help research happen at USF. Centers &
Institutes Center for AI & Data Ethics Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Business Studies & Innovation in
Asia-Pacific Center for Humanizing Education & Research Center for Latinx Studies in the Americas Center for
Contemplative Law & Ethics Center for Research, Artistic & Scholarly Excellence Data Institute Fromm Institute for
Lifelong Learning Gellert Family Business Center Institute for Nonviolence & Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane
Center for Catholic Social Thought & the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service & the Common Good
McGrath Institute for Jesuit Catholic Education St. Ignatius Institute Center for Global Education The Tracy Seeley
Center for Teaching Excellence Undergraduate Teacher Education Center Spend a semester learning how to make policy
through a McCarthy Center fellowship. Learn from visiting scholars sponsored by the Center for Asia Pacific Studies.
Attend a Silk Speaker Series and listen to standouts from the worlds of business, sports, and politics. Programs &
Projects Find programs and projects across the curriculum and around the world. Previous slide Next slide Work with
Local Grassroots Organizations McCarthy Center A yearlong program that prepares students as transformative justice
warriors through critical analysis of systems of oppression. Community Empowerment Activists Harness AI to Address
Healthcare Challenges Data Institute The Clinical Neuroinformatics & AI Lab offers students and scholars the
opportunity to conduct research focused on developing innovative open-source AI and machine learning models to address
students enjoy smaller seminar-style classes and close personal attention from SII faculty and staff. The SII
Curriculum Work with Local Grassroots Organizations McCarthy Center A yearlong program that prepares students as
transformative justice warriors through critical analysis of systems of oppression. Community Empowerment Activists
Harness AI to Address Healthcare Challenges Data Institute The Clinical Neuroinformatics & AI Lab offers students and
scholars the opportunity to conduct research focused on developing innovative open-source AI and machine learning
Institute (SII) SII students enjoy smaller seminar-style classes and close personal attention from SII faculty and
staff. The SII Curriculum Keep Exploring Innovation Labs Faculty & Student Research Global Research Take the Next Step
Admissions & Aid Visit USF The Value of a USF Education Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street
San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn
(link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF
News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus
University of San Francisco
Title: Beyond the Hilltop | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/life-at-usf/beyond-hilltop 
 Beyond the Hilltop | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply (Menu
Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students
Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change
Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's
University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San
Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board
of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create
Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree
Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research
Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate &
Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San
Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of
Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid
Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet
Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate
Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of
Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research
Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching
Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought
& the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms
Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts &
Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment
Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career
Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events LIFE AT USF Beyond the Hilltop Home Life at USF
Beyond the Hilltop USF's additional campuses offer undergraduate and graduate programs designed for working students to
advance existing careers, switch career paths completely, or simply acquire new professional skills. Every site
provides opportunities unique to its region, preparing you for academic success and inspiring you to better serve your
degree, starting or switching careers, or advancing your professional skills, all of USF's additional locales offer
both the support and flexibility to allow you to fit higher education into your busy life. Where We Are Downtown San
Francisco Our Downtown Campus hosts the Data Institute, as well as a variety of programs offered by the School of
Management, the College of Arts and Sciences, and the School of Law. Downtown Campus Orange County USF's Orange County
location offers specialized master's programs in nursing and sport management, and has served its community for over 30
Locations South Bay Santa Rosa Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA
94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external)
Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media
Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title
of San Francisco
Title: Academics | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/academics 
 Academics | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply (Menu Link)
(Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students Parents
Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change
Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's
University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San
Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board
of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create
Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree
Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research
Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate &
Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San
Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of
Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid
Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet
Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate
Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of
Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research
Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching
Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought
& the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms
Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts &
Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment
Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career
Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events Academics Home Academics Study with professors who
know their stuff and know your name. Join a community of faculty and classmates who see you, hear you, challenge you,
classroom and in the community. Because injustice takes many forms, USF tackles injustice in many ways. Learn to Create
explore your options and find more than 150 paths to success. Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual
Degree Programs Professional Certificates Join an Academic Experience Like No Other The Undergraduate Experience Come
study with professors, not with graduate students. In small classes, not big lecture halls. Undergraduate Experience
certificate. Graduate Experience World-Changing Research Do real research with your professors and classmates. Connect
with people making a difference. Faculty & Research A Global Perspective Come find the world on our campus. See the
world through different lenses. Learn with students and professors from all over the globe. Global USF Tyler Marcum
USF and think twice. In fact, think three times. Come challenge your assumptions. See the world in new ways. Ask why?
and why not? and says who? and what if? Build your brain and stretch your heart in the city that invents tomorrow.
Previous slide Next slide KIN 362 - Sport, Culture, and Society Explore the role of sport in society. Examine sport's
as practiced in society and as depicted in movies and television. ARCH 400 - Community Design Outreach Do a real
architecture design/build project for a nonprofit, school, or municipality. Understand the role of community design in
underserved communities and explore the larger forces involved. MS 302 - Communication for Change Study the role of
media and communications in social justice movements. Work for 50 hours or more with local social justice groups to
better understand social change communications in practice. MBA 6442 - Diversity, Inclusion, and Bias Address
diversity, inclusion, and bias in the workplace. Examine the values, habits, and concerns of different cultural groups.
Learn how to overcome conflict often created and perpetuated by both conscious and unconscious bias. NURS 609 -
Foundation of Leadership in Health Microsystem Learn how to lead healthy work environments. Examine nursing within the
framework of social justice and Jesuit values. Apply evidence-based practices to improve quality and safety while
optimizing patient and organizational outcomes. Top 50 For international students U.S. News & World Report 2024 A+
School for B Students U.S. News & World Report Best Value in the top 50% U.S. News & World Report 2024 #1 in ethnic
diversity among national universities U.S. News & World Report 2024 USF Schools and Colleges College of Arts & Sciences
Learn by doing. Make mistakes. Make connections. Create a community of progress. College of Arts & Sciences School of
Education Reach. Teach. Counsel. Support. Inspire. Advance justice through education. School of Education School of Law
Challenge the status. Question the quo. Join the community in which justice is served daily. School of Law School of
Management Join the teams that build the future. Soak up the innovation and creativity of San Francisco. Learn to lead
with purpose. School of Management School of Nursing and Health Professions Improve lives. Practice your compassion.
Transform our health system from the inside. School of Nursing and Health Professions Interested in USF? Request Info
Visit USF Connect with Admission Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA
94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external)
Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media
Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title
of San Francisco
Title: Dining on Campus | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/life-at-usf/housing-dining/dining-campus 
 Dining on Campus | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply (Menu
Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students
Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change
Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's
University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San
Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board
of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create
Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree
Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research
Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate &
Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San
Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of
Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid
Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet
Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate
Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of
Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research
Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching
Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought
& the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms
Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts &
Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment
Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career
Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events LIFE AT USF Dining on Campus Home Life at USF Housing
eateries across the University of San Francisco campus. They offer you food for a sustainable future. That means
service company to commit to: Supporting local agriculture (with a defined purchasing target), since 1999 Reducing
antibiotic use in farm animals, since 2003 Serving rBGH-free milk, since 2003 Serving cage-free eggs, since 2005
Floor Monday - Thursday, 7:00am - 9:00pm Friday, 7:00am - 8:00pm Saturday, 9:00am - 8:00pm Sunday, 9:00am - 9:00pm
Close close Lone Mountain Store Lone Mountain North, 1st Floor Monday - Thursday, 8:00am - 8:00pm Friday, 8:00am -
needs. University Center, 1st Floor Monday - Thursday, 11:00am - 11:00pm Friday, 11:00am - 9:00pm Saturday - Sunday,
4:00pm - 9:00pm Late Night Dinner Hours Monday - Thursday, 5:00pm - 9:00pm Sunday, 7:00pm - 10:00pm Close close The
Close close Koret Lodge On the first floor of Lone Mountain: a dining pavilion with floor-to-ceiling glass windows
eateries, Club Ed, inside the School of Education building, serves snacks plus local, sustainable meals made fresh and
Friday, 8:30am - 2:00pm Close close Faculty & Staff Dining Room University Center, 1st Floor Dig In From vegetarian and
Choose a meal plan that fits your lifestyle. Meal Plans Have a food allergy? Learn how we support your food allergy
dietitian. Submit a Question See Lone Mountain Dining Hall Check out the views from USF's newest dining space. Remote
video URL Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555
Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is
external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media Academics Academic
Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Visit Give
Title: Alumni | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/alumni 
 Alumni | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply (Menu Link) (Menu
Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students Parents Faculty &
Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change Standing For
Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's University Our
History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San Francisco Orange
County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board of Trustees
Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create Impact
Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree Programs
Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research Study
Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate & Professional
Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San Francisco
Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of Education
School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid Undergraduate
Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet Your Admission
Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate Financial Aid
& Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of Aid Visit USF
Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research Research Centers &
Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching Excellence CRASE
Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought & the Ignatian
Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms Our Faculty
Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts & Culture
Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment Student
Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career Planning &
Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events THE USF ALUMNI ASSOCIATION IS A DUES FREE NETWORK FOR ALL USF
advantage. Alumni Resources Benefits Get Involved Staff & Leadership CelebrateUSF CelebrateUSF CelebrateUSF Schedule
Reunions Update Us Update Us Get What You Need Order your official or unofficial transcripts, get information about
student tax forms (1098C), request a duplicate diploma, and more. Get what you need Use Your Benefits Enjoy special
access to the Career Services Center, Gleeson Library, or the Koret Center, because the Hilltop is always your home.
Use your benefits Update Us Update your contact information. And let us know about your successes since graduating from
USF. Update Us Be part of the USF advantage. Get Involved Become a mentor to a USF student. Network with Dons in your
industry. Hold an alumni event. Get Involved Meet the Team Curious who makes up the alumni office? Learn who's who.
Meet the Team Read the Alumni Newsletter Stay up to date with your friends and classmates. Sign Up Support USF Change
students' lives. Support their education and prepare a new generation of global leaders. Support USF Return to USF on a
More Alumni Events September 7 USF President's Reception in Singapore September 7, 2024 6:00PM - 8:30PM Off-Campus
Event - Singapore September 12 USF Community Reception in Jakarta September 12, 2024 6:00PM - 9:30PM Off-Campus Event -
Pullman Jakarta Indonesia Thamrin CBD Hotel October 19 The Silk Speaker Series presents Viola Davis October 19, 2024
San Francisco's Streets Equipped to Lead and Succeed From First-Gen Roots to Nursing Heights Giving Synergy in Science:
Diez Cancer Biology Lab Integrates Student Research Alumnae of the Sacred Heart The Alumnae of the Sacred Heart Lone
Mountain have a special partnership with the University of San Francisco. Learn More Office of Alumni Engagement Main
Campus alumni@usfca.edu (800) 449-4873 Lone Mountain Rossi2800 Turk StreetSan Francisco, CA 94118 Hours Mon.-Fri.
94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external)
Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media
Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title
of San Francisco
Title: International Graduate - Graduate Admission | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/admission/graduate/international-graduate 
 International Graduate - Graduate Admission | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search
Term Search: Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link)
(Menu Link) Students Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit
Roots Agents for Change Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral
San Francisco's University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus
Downtown San Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President &
Leadership Board of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics
Learn to Create Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs
Dual Degree Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support
Undergraduate Research Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions
Advising Graduate & Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates
Executive Education The San Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of
Arts & Sciences School of Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries
Admission & Aid Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates &
Deadlines Meet Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources
International Graduate Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price
Calculator Types of Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty &
Student Research Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies
Center for Teaching Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for
Catholic Social Thought & the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good
Innovation Labs Star Route Farms Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City
The Campus Experience Arts & Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student
Activities Student Employment Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing
Dining on Campus Career Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events GRADUATE ADMISSION
International Graduate Home Admission & Aid Graduate Admission International Graduate USF welcomes prospective graduate
Dons, build valuable connections in San Francisco, and continue your career in a city known for innovation and
diversity. Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate International Graduate
Certificate of Finance English Language Proficiency REQUEST INFO APPLY NOW Visit USF REQUEST APPLY Visit Choose from
more than 70 full-time, part-time, or executive programs with options for hybrid and online instruction. Applications
for all graduate programs must be submitted online. Apply Now English Language Requirements Financial Requirements See
specific admission requirements for international students: College of Arts & Sciences School of Education School of
opportunities await you as an international grad student at USF. Get an overview of our graduate programs along with
the academic prerequisites, application requirements, and tuition costs for international students. See what life in
San Francisco has to offer. DOWNLOAD BROCHURE Chinese students and families Please visit our website at
china.usfca.edu. Visit our website Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA
94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external)
Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media
Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title
of San Francisco
Title: School of Nursing and Health Professions | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/nursing 
 School of Nursing and Health Professions | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term
Search: Visit usfca.edu Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Our
Difference Mission, Vision & Values Our People Our Leadership Our Faculty Alumni San Francisco Advantage Accreditation
News Offices & Services Employment 70 Years Anniversary 70 Stories of Impact Our History & Sisters of Mercy Our
Programs Undergraduate Programs Nursing, BSN Public Health, BS Graduate Programs Clinical Psychology, PsyD Family Nurse
Practitioner, DNP Nursing, MSN Psychiatric Mental Health Nurse Practitioner, DNP Public Health, MPH Health Systems
Leadership, DNP Engagement & Impact Simulation Center & Clinical Skills Lab Clinical Skills Lab Simulation Center
Service Abroad & Immersion Programs Preceptor Program School Life Events Crawford Lecture Organizations & Activities
Admission & Aid Application Deadlines Financing Your Education International Students Request Information Undocumented
Students & DACA School of Nursing and Health Professions USF_arrow_icon_wht School of Nursing and Health Professions
Improve lives. Practice your compassion. Transform our health system from the inside. Learn to Lead the Health Care
Graduate Programs Prepare to advance in the health care industry. Graduate Programs Admission & Aid Request Information
Top 10% Best Nursing Schools, Master's U.S. News & World Report 2024 #1 in ethnic diversity among national universities
U.S. News & World Report 2024 Image Celebrating 70 YEARS of Nursing Education Since 1954, our students have improved
the health of all populations through equitable and compassionate service, value-driven research, and innovative
education. Visit our anniversary website and learn how the USF experience has shaped students' lives and careers. Visit
70 Years Site Eileen Fry-Bowers Dean, School of Nursing and Health Professions A Message From the Dean We work to
eliminate health inequity and pursue health justice while navigating changes in higher education, the public sector,
and the healthcare industry." Eileen Fry-Bowers Dean, School of Nursing and Health Professions Dean's Message Read Our
Life Sciences August 15, 2024 From First-Gen Roots to Nursing Heights August 12, 2024 Ready to Embark as a USF LatinX
September 20, 2024 5:30PM - 7:30PM Lone Mountain Main 134 LM Koret Lodge October 17 Health Care Professionals Who
Pursue Health Justice October 17, 2024 6:30PM - 8:00PM McLaren Complex Complex More Events Explore Our Locations Close
close Orange County Campus Catch the San Francisco spirit in Orange County. Master's programs in nursing, public
health, and sport management, with insider connections and inside access to the sport industry all over the state.
Visit the Site Close close Sacramento Campus Get the USF Jesuit education in downtown Sacramento. Nursing. Teaching.
Public health. Counseling. Visit the site Close close San Francisco Hilltop Campus The main campus of USF, "the
Hilltop" is located in the geographic center of San Francisco, giving you easy access to everything the city has to
offer. More info Site Footer 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is
external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is
external) Connect Careers at USF Contact Us Directory News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Bookstore Course Catalog
Library Campus Campus Safety Maps & Directions Title IX Virtual Tour Apply Give to USF Visit myUSF Consumer Information
Title: Health & Wellness | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/life-at-usf/campus-experience/health-wellness 
 Health & Wellness | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply (Menu
Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students
Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change
Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's
University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San
Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board
of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create
Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree
Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research
Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate &
Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San
Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of
Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid
Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet
Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate
Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of
Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research
Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching
Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought
& the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms
Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts &
Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment
Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career
Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events THE CAMPUS EXPERIENCE Health & Wellness Home Life at
inspires our proactive and compassionate approach. We believe that your physical, mental, emotional, intellectual,
social, environmental, and spiritual health are integral to your success as a USF student. Koret Health and Recreation
Center The Koret Health and Recreation Center is a state-of-the-art facility that provides recreational sports
activities, programs, and services to USF students, faculty, staff, alumni, and members. Discover Koret Student Health
Services Health Promotion Services (HPS) provides services that promote an optimal state of health, encourage better
health awareness, and foster a vibrant and safe campus community for our students. Health Clinic Health Insurance
Immunization Services Jumpstart Your Wellness Counseling & Psychological Services While at USF, you'll have access to a
broad range of services to support your personal development. CAPS offers in-person and remote individual, couples, and
group therapy to currently enrolled students residing within California. Learn more about CAPS Health Education
Throughout the year, HPS hosts a variety of health events to help you take personal control over your health and
understand how your behavior impacts yourself and others in the community. Our events explore topics like: Access to
healthcare Dons Helping Dons Nutrition & body image Alcohol awareness & other drugs Tobacco & e-cigarettes free Road to
resilience Stress management Random acts of wellness See Events on myUSF Wellness Matters The Wellness Matters program
is made up of Wellness Check, Wellness Coaching, and Random Acts of Wellness, which will help strengthen your
psychological (emotional), physical, intellectual, environmental, social, financial, and spiritual wellness. Learn More
on myUSF Health Promotion Services Main Campus hps@usfca.edu (415) 422-5797 University Center, 5th FloorSan Francisco,
CA 94117 Hours Monday - Friday: 8:30 a.m. - 5 p.m. Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San
Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link
is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News &
Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety
University of San Francisco
Title: Leadership Team | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/who-we-are/president-leadership/leadership-team 
 Leadership Team | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply (Menu
Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students
Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change
Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's
University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San
Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board
of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create
Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree
Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research
Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate &
Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San
Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of
Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid
Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet
Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate
Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of
Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research
Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching
Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought
& the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms
Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts &
Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment
Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career
Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events PRESIDENT & LEADERSHIP Leadership Team Home Who We
Fitzgibbons, S.J., PhD Chancellor Eileen Chia-Ching Fung, PhD Provost and Vice President, Academic Affairs Charlie
Cross, MBA Vice President, Business and Finance Jayme Burke Interim Vice President, Development Donna J. Davis, Esq
General Counsel Opinder Bawa, MBA Vice President, Information Technology and Chief Information Officer Ellen Ryder, MA
Vice President, Marketing Communications Julie Orio, MEd Vice President, Student Life Leadership Team All members of
Enrollment Management Rebecca Hong, EdD Vice Provost for Student Success, Inclusive Excellence, and Curricular
Innovation Anastasia Vrachnos Vice Provost, Global Education, Immersions and Strategic Initiatives Jeff Paris, PhD
Interim Dean, College of Arts and Sciences Shabnam Koirala-Azad, PhD Dean, School of Education Johanna Kalb Dean,
School of Law Otgontsetseg (Otgo) Erhemjamts, PhD Dean, School of Management Eileen K. Fry-Bowers, PhD, JD, RN,
CPNP-PC, FAAN Dean and Professor, School of Nursing and Health Professions Shawn P. Calhoun, EdD, MLIS Dean, University
Library Dominic L. Daher, MAcc, JD, LLM in Taxation Associate Vice President, Tax Compliance, Internal Audit, and
Payroll Services Desmond P. Dair, CPA Associate Vice President, Accounting & Business Services Angie Davis Assistant
Vice President, Office of Marketing Communications Shannon Gary, EdD Associate Vice President, Student Life and Dean of
Students David Kirmse, MBA Associate Vice President and Director, Educational Technology Services, Information
Technology Services Stacy Lewis Daher, MAcc, CPA Associate Vice President, Finance and Treasury Michael E. London, Esq
Associate Vice President, Facilities Management Anneliese Mauch, MIA Associate Vice President, Marketing Srini
Navaneethan, PMP Associate Vice President and Director, Technology Services, Information Technology Services Diane L.
Nelson Associate Vice President, Human Resources Martha Peugh-Wade, MBA Associate Vice President, Compliance and
Compensation David J. Philpott Associate Vice President for Labor and Employee Relations and Compensation Chantel Smith
of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external)
Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect
Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus
Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Visit Give to USF myUSF Consumer Information Privacy
Title: Provost Office | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/who-we-are/president-leadership/provost-office 
 Provost Office | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply (Menu Link)
(Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students Parents
Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change
Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's
University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San
Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board
of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create
Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree
Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research
Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate &
Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San
Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of
Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid
Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet
Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate
Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of
Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research
Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching
Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought
& the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms
Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts &
Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment
Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career
Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events WHO WE ARE Provost Office Home Who We Are President &
Leadership Provost Office Provost and Vice President of Academic Affairs Provost Office Vice Provost for Strategic
Enrollment Management Vice Provost for Student Success, Curricular Innovation and Inclusive Excellence Vice Provost of
Global Education, Immersions and Strategic Initiatives Image Eileen Fung Provost and Vice President of Academic Affairs
University of San Francisco Eileen Fung is the Provost and Vice President of Academic Affairs at the University of San
Francisco. Provost Eileen has dedicated over 26 years to USF, including significant time in academic leadership. She is
1,000 staff. Provost Fung was awarded the James Irvine Dissertation Fellowship in 1997, and was hired as a full-time
faculty member in the Department of English in 1998. She served as chair of the English department and director of the
Asian American Pacific Studies Program before her appointment as associate dean of arts and humanities in 2010. She
became senior associate dean in 2019, interim dean in 2021, and dean in 2022. As a first-generation college student
from a Chinese immigrant family, she advocates for an equitable, mission-driven, community-engaged, and
student-centered education. To that end, she conceptualized and founded the Honors College with a $15 million endowment
securing a $1.5 million gift from Richard Blum to establish the Privett Global Honors Scholars Program to support
faculty development of global educational curricula and provide funding for student immersion and study abroad
opportunities. She currently serves as one of the principal investigators of a multi-year, $1.5 million Andrew W.
Mellon grant to support the matriculation of underrepresented and underserved students from the Foothill-De Anza
Community College District to USF. She helped USF to become a Minority Serving Institution (MSI) and to receive its
first Asian American and Native American Pacific Islander-Serving Institutions (AANAPISI) grant, a multi year grant
award of $1.4 million in 2023. After receiving a BA in English literature with a minor in Asian American studies from
the intersection of literature and identity through cultural practices in the genres of travel and food narratives. A
San Francisco is accredited by the Western Association of Schools and Colleges Senior College and University Commission
(WSCUC). WSCUC Accreditation Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA
94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external)
Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media
Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title
of San Francisco
Title: Executive Education - Graduate & Professional Experience | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/academics/graduate-professional/executive-education 
 Executive Education - Graduate & Professional Experience | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search
Enter a Search Term Search: Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for
(Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values
Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond
Carbon Neutral San Francisco's University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San
Francisco Main Campus Downtown San Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage
Rates President & Leadership Board of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office
USF News Academics Learn to Create Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors
Graduate Programs Dual Degree Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic
Support Undergraduate Research Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health
Professions Advising Graduate & Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional
Certificates Executive Education The San Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges
College of Arts & Sciences School of Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health
Professions Libraries Admission & Aid Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International
Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions
Student Resources International Graduate Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of
Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty &
Research Faculty & Student Research Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia
Pacific Studies Center for Teaching Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane
Center for Catholic Social Thought & the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common
Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the
City The Campus Experience Arts & Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student
Activities Student Employment Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing
Dining on Campus Career Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events GRADUATE & PROFESSIONAL
EXPERIENCE Executive Education Home Academics Graduate & Professional Experience Executive Education USF offers an
Executive MBA, certificate programs, and courses to meet the needs and requirements of executives, managers,
entrepreneurs, working professionals, and students. Executive, MBA Deepen your leadership competencies, refine your
business acumen, and broaden your experience in solving global business issues with a University of San Francisco
Executive MBA degree. Executive MBA Program Certificate Programs Silicon Valley Immersion Experience entrepreneurship
and innovation from leading industry experts in Silicon Valley. See how they create and maintain a culture of
innovation, manage through disruptive change, and how they pitch new business ideas to leadership teams or venture
capitalists. Learn More Business Analytics A specialized selection of guest speakers and workshops where you can
closely observe and learn about the importance of the data science ecosystem with personal experience from the real
world. Learn More Corporate Innovation Join leading companies in Silicon Valley and learn how to create and maintain a
culture of innovation, manage amidst disruptive change, and witness how to instill a culture of what is possible into
your team or organization. Learn More Custom Programs Connect with us and we can develop a program with the academics,
researchers, partner companies and industry experts here at the University of San Francisco. Custom Programs Keep
Exploring Find Your Program Graduate Research Professional Certificates Take the Next Step Admission & Aid Visit USF
The Value of a USF Education Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA
94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external)
Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media
Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title
of San Francisco
Title: Consumer Information | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/student-consumer-information 
 Consumer Information | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply (Menu
Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students
Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change
Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's
University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San
Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board
of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create
Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree
Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research
Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate &
Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San
Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of
Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid
Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet
Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate
Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of
Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research
Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching
Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought
& the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms
Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts &
Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment
Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career
Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events Consumer Information On This page General
Institutional Information Student Financial Assistance Health and Safety Student Outcomes From academic information, to
decision about attending the University of San Francisco. General Institutional Information Loading... Career and Job
Placement Services College Navigator Complaint Resolution Procedures Computer Use and File Sharing Copyright
Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA) Refund Policy Student Activities Student Diversity Study Abroad Teacher
Preparation Program Report Textbook Information Transfer of Credit Policies and Articulation Agreements Veterans
Benefits and Transition Act of 2018 Compliance Student Financial Assistance Assistance Available From Federal, State,
Local, and Institutional Programs CARES Act: Higher Education Emergency Relief Fund (HEERF) Code of Conduct for
Education Loans Equity in Athletics Report Exit Counseling for Student Borrowers Financial Aid Policies and Procedures
Initial Loan Counseling for Student Borrowers Intercollegiate Athletic Program Participation Rates and Financial
Support Data (Equity in Athletics Disclosure Act) Loan Debt for Graduated First-Time Freshman (California Assembly Bill
721 Compliance) Notice of Availability of Institutional and Financial Aid Information (FERPA) Sample Loan Repayment
Student Loan Information Understanding Cost of Attendance Health and Safety Campus Security Policies, Crime Statistics
and Crime Log Drug and Alcohol Abuse Prevention Program Fire Safety Policies, Fire Statistics and Fire Log (On-Campus
Housing Facilities) Title IX (Sexual Discrimination, Sexual Harassment, Sexual Assault, Intimate Partner Violence, and
Stalking) Vaccination Policies Student Outcomes California License Examination Passage Rates Graduate and Professional
Education Placement for Graduates Graduation Rates (Student Right-to-Know Act) NCAA Graduation and Transfer Out Rates
for Students Receiving Athletically Related Student Aid (Student Right-to-Know Act) Retention Rates and Transfer-out
Rates This page complies with federal requirements under the Higher Education Act of 1965, as amended by the Higher
Education Opportunity Act of 2008 (HEOA), to disclose institutional information for student consumers. Site Footer
University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link
is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is
external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore
Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Visit Give to USF myUSF Consumer Information
Title: Apply - USF Applications | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/how-to-apply 
 Apply - USF Applications | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply
(Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students
Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change
Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's
University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San
Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board
of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create
Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree
Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research
Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate &
Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San
Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of
Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid
Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet
Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate
Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of
Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research
Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching
Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought
& the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms
Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts &
Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment
Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career
Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events Apply Come join the community that embodies the
energy and optimism of San Francisco. Come learn to change the world from here. First-Year Applicant Come launch your
life from here. Learn More International Undergraduate Applicant Live, learn, and grow in the city that invents
tomorrow. Learn More Transfer Applicant Transfer your dreams to USF. Learn More Graduate Applicant Move up in your
Learn More Visiting Student Applicant Earn academic credit, meet new people, soak up our Jesuit spirit. Learn More
Summer Applicant Stay on track or get ahead with summer classes. Learn More Veteran Applicant See why we're a "military
friendly school." Learn More Returning USF Student Applicant Return to USF to complete your degree. Learn More Office
of Undergraduate Admission Main Campus admission@usfca.edu (415) 422-6563 Lone Mountain Main 2512800 Turk Blvd.San
Francisco, CA 94118 Hours Monday - Friday: 8:30 a.m. - 5 p.m. Fax (415) 422-2217 Site Footer University of San
Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external)
Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect
Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus
Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Visit Give to USF myUSF Consumer Information Privacy
Title: Graduate Student Resources - Graduate Admission | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/admission/graduate/graduate-student-resources 
 Graduate Student Resources - Graduate Admission | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a
Search Term Search: Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu
Link) (Menu Link) Students Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our
Jesuit Roots Agents for Change Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon
Neutral San Francisco's University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main
Campus Downtown San Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates
President & Leadership Board of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News
Academics Learn to Create Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate
Programs Dual Degree Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support
Undergraduate Research Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions
Advising Graduate & Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates
Executive Education The San Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of
Arts & Sciences School of Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries
Admission & Aid Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates &
Deadlines Meet Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources
International Graduate Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price
Calculator Types of Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty &
Student Research Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies
Center for Teaching Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for
Catholic Social Thought & the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good
Innovation Labs Star Route Farms Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City
The Campus Experience Arts & Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student
Activities Student Employment Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing
Dining on Campus Career Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events GRADUATE ADMISSION Graduate
Student Resources Home Admission & Aid Graduate Admission Student Resources As you prepare to apply and enroll at USF,
consider the wealth of resources we offer. Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International
Graduate International Graduate Certificate of Finance English Language Proficiency REQUEST INFO APPLY NOW Visit USF
REQUEST APPLY Visit Whether you have questions about how to get started, how to proceed, or how to succeed, we're here
to help you make the most of your time at the university. Admission & Aid Please reach out directly to the graduate
school or graduate college for admission and financial aid information for the graduate programs in which you are
interested. Find your program here. Connect with helpful administrators in The College of Arts and Sciences, School of
Education, School of Law, School of Management, and the School of Nursing and Health Professions. Graduate
Assistantships Financial assistance to graduate students at USF is primarily available through federal loan programs
limited number of graduate assistantships are offered by specific programs in the School of Education and the College
of Arts and Sciences. School of Education: Graduate Assistantships are awarded in the School of Education to a number
of students who work with a Faculty Mentor in research, teaching or professional development. College of Arts and
Sciences: The College of Arts and Sciences offers a limited number of teaching and research assistantships for specific
programs. Financial Aid The Office of Financial Aid serves USF graduate students who need advice on financial
assistance. Learn about Federal Direct Unsubsidized Loans and Federal Direct PLUS loans for FAFSA-eligible students
(U.S. Citizens and U.S. Permanent Residents), fellowships, assistantships, grants, scholarships, and employer
assistance. Registrar The Office of the University Registrar provides services including general academic information,
registration, degree evaluation, graduation clearance, transcript services, enrollment verification, certification for
and payments, provides a payment plan, and updates students with important messages, announcements, and information
about their student accounts. Student Employment The USF Office of Student Employment provides opportunities for on-
and off-campus employment to help students meet the cost of education. Student Employment provides a student employment
job board, information on Federal Work Study positions, campus job opportunities, and non-need based employment Student
Financial Services The USF Office of Student Financial Services consists of Financial Aid, Student Employment, and
Student Accounts. These offices award and disburse monetary resources, including federal, state, and institutional aid,
to help fund the cost of education at USF. Student Financial Services also coordinates billing and tuition payment
processes, and provides opportunities for on- and off-campus employment, Federal Work Study positions and
non-need-based employment. Student Financial Services also helps to foster financial literacy, and navigate the complex
regulatory requirements to maintain eligibility for financial assistance. Veterans Enrollment Center The Veterans
Enrollment Center provides military-connected students support by a campus-wide collaboration of staff dedicated to
smoothing your transition to higher education with extensive knowledge of how to make the most of Veterans Affairs
education benefits, connections to academic, psychological, financial, and disability support services, and information
on USF policies and procedures, federal and state education benefits, and all changes to legislation that affect
veterans. Academic Resources Bookstore The USF Bookstore is a one-stop, in-store and online shop for everything from
textbooks and school supplies to electronics, Dons gear, and graduation memorabilia. You can also find books, music,
games, gifts, and supplies for office and home. Career Services The Priscilla A. Scotlan Career Service Center provides
information, guidance and support on LinkedIn Assistance, networking strategies, job and career resources, resume and
cover letter review, and interview preparation, and recruiting events. The School of Law Office of Career Services is
staffed with attorney-counselors who have diverse legal experience and networks upon which to draw as they work with
students on career planning, job search strategy, and connecting with alumni and other contacts and opportunities in
the legal community. The School of Management Graduate Career Services Resources provide access to a combination of
workshops, online resources, and subscriptions to advance job search strategy, including a Graduate Career Management
Portal. Libraries The Gleeson Library | Geschke Center houses some 13,000 volumes, provides an extensive collection of
digital resources, and a 36,000 square foot Learning Resource Center. Students use the library for research,
interlibrary loans, or for distraction-free silent study places, quiet study spaces, or conversation study areas. You
can also reserve digitally equipped conference rooms for group study and projects. In the Gleeson Library | Geschke
Center you will also find the Thacher Gallery presenting art exhibitions that focus on art from California, emerging
artists, Bay Area icons and major collections, programs such as artist talks, craft demonstrations, and docent-led
tours. The gallery also serves as a professional training laboratory for students interested in arts management, museum
studies and exhibitions. The Dorraine Zief Law Library provides a technologically advanced environment for legal
research information, instruction, and strategy, and research tools and resources. The law library provides an
attractive and comfortable research and study environment for the USF Law community. Learning Writing and Speaking
Centers The University of San Francisco offers academic assistance to all students through the Learning Center, Writing
Center, and Speaking Center. Services are free and include subject-specific tutoring, writing assistance, and
communication-related support. The Learning Center also provides opportunities for academic skill development, through
1:1 coaching, group workshops, and online resources. Student Disability Services The university offers many services to
its students with disabilities. Student Disability Services (SDS) arranges these accommodations on an individual basis
for each eligible student during the intake/eligibility process. Pre-admission counseling, help with registration and
scheduling, academic and campus life support are also offered. Safety, Health, and Wellness Counseling and
Psychological Services Counseling and Psychological Services (CAPS) provides mental health services that allow students
to improve and maintain their mental well-being and to meet their educational, personal, emotional and spiritual goals.
Services include consultations, referrals, workshops, anxiety management tools, psychotherapy, and crisis support.
Health Promotion Services Health Promotion Services offers health services and opportunities that promote wellness,
stimulate better health awareness, and foster a vibrant and safe campus community for student academic success and
retention. Health Promotion Services is also where you access student healthcare and insurance, waive health insurance,
learn about USF health requirements, and submit proof of required immunizations. Koret Health and Recreation Center The
Koret Health and Recreation Center features an Olympic-sized indoor pool, weight rooms, cardio alleys, basketball,
volleyball and badminton courts, and aerobics, dance, martial arts and self-defense training spaces. The Koret Center
sponsors both intramural and club sports, recreational activities, wellness programs, and fitness services, as well as
student job opportunities. Public Safety and Transportation The Department of Public Safety ensures a safe learning,
working, and living environment at the University of San Francisco. Our 24-hour communication center and uniformed
public safety officers proactively prepare against and respond to all reports of accidents, crimes, suspicious persons,
hazards, and other emergencies. Title IX Office The primary concern of the Title IX Office is safety and well-being and
the office is tasked with following up on all reports of sexual misconduct experienced by community members. The Title
IX Office continually strives to maintain and strengthen a climate which fosters civility, mutual respect, and
inclusivity for all community members. Student Life Student Groups In addition to opportunities offered in your
school/college, the Office of Leadership and Engagement is your gateway to involvement, including the Graduate Student
Senate, groups specifically related to graduate students, and groups for both graduate and undergraduate students.
University Ministry University Ministry supports the spiritual, religious and pastoral needs of the USF community and
enriches the USF experience by creating communities grounded in Ignatian spirituality and the Jesuit Catholic mission
of USF. Students can find opportunities for Immersion programs, Social Justice, Volunteering, Faith Formation and
Interfaith Programs, Liturgy, Prayer, and Retreats. Cultural Centers The Cultural Centers, which include the Gender &
Sexuality Center and the Intercultural Center serve as both physical spaces where students build community, and as
outlets for student-run programs that explore social issues and identity. The Cultural Centers bring students together
to increase their understanding, and embrace their roles, as members of a diverse community on the local and global
levels. Office of Antiracism, Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion (ADEI) The Office of Antiracism, Diversity, Equity, and
promotes a campus climate and culture that values diversity in all its forms through community outreach, and by
providing resources, events, inclusive dialogues, interpersonal experiences, and intercultural appreciation that
support a thriving and inclusive campus climate. Student Housing While graduate students are welcome to apply for
Living resource provides listings for apartments and roommates, resources for tenants' rights, and other helpful
strategies for living in San Francisco. USF has limited housing availability for graduate students with occupancy
focused in St. Anne's Community and Fulton House. When space is available graduate students may be provided space
within Loyola Village which is normally allocated for 21+ year old undergraduates. Technology and Access myUSF myUSF is
a personalized dashboard with a single sign-on portal that provides essential information and resources for students,
faculty, and staff and top-used processes such as registration and Student Financial Services. Information Technology
Services (ITS) In addition to four locations on campus, ITS staff is available to answer questions regarding computing
and telephone services on campus through the ITS Service Portal. One Card The USF OneCard is your ID, building access,
and on-campus debit card. You use your OneCard to borrow from the library, and to gain access to the Koret Health and
Recreation Center. You can load Don Dollars to your One Card debit account to buy food at discounted prices and pay for
other on-campus expenses, such as printing or copying, and shopping at the campus bookstore. Site Footer University of
San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external)
Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect
Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus
Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Visit Give to USF myUSF Consumer Information Privacy
Title: University of San Francisco - YouTube
 url: https://www.youtube.com/usfcalifornia 
 University of San Francisco - YouTubeAboutPressCopyrightContact usCreatorsAdvertiseDevelopersTermsPrivacyPolicy &
Title: Home Page | myUSF
 url: https://myusf.usfca.edu/ 
 Home Page | myUSF Skip to main content Mobile Menu Academics Toggle submenu Academic Calendar Bookstore Canvas CASA
Dean's Honor Roll Catalog Graduation Apply for Graduation Library Printing Registration Class Schedule & Final Exams
Student Records Transcripts Study Abroad Student Services Toggle submenu Billing & Tuition Tuition & Fees View & Pay
Career Services Financial Aid Outside Scholarships International Student & Scholar Services Learning, Writing, &
Speaking Centers One Card Privacy Information for Students (FERPA) Public Safety Student Conduct, Rights &
Responsibilities Student Disability Services Student Employment Health & Wellness Toggle submenu Counseling &
Psychological Services Health Promotion Services Immunization Insurance Koret Health & Recreation Center Title IX
Campus Life Toggle submenu Athletics Campus Map Cultural Centers Dining Events Calendar Housing Off Campus Housing Room
& Board Rates Orientation ROTC Student Leadership & Engagement University Ministry Offices Toggle submenu Accounting &
Business Services Business & Finance Events Management Facilities Management General Counsel Human Resources ITS
Marketing Communications President Provost Purchasing Strategic Enrollment Management Student Life All Offices Schools
& Centers Toggle submenu Schools Arts & Sciences Education Law Management Nursing & Health Professions Centers Center
for Research, Artistic, & Scholarly Excellence Center for Teaching Excellence Institute for Nonviolence and Social
Justice Joan and Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought & the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for
Public Service & the Common Good McGrath Institute for Jesuit Catholic Education Include USFCA.EDU Log In Welcome to
Thursday, September 5, 7:00 PM - 9:00 PM University Center - 4th Floor Lounge Rock N Swap Sunday, September 8, 7:30 AM
- 3:00 PM McLaren Complex - Complex Organization & Leadership, Virtual Information Session Monday, September 9, 12:30
PM - 1:30 PM Online - via Zoom Learning and Instruction, EdD Virtual Information Session Monday, September 9, 6:00 PM -
7:00 PM Online - via Zoom Teaching English to Speakers of Other Languages, Virtual Information Session Tuesday,
September 10, 9:00 AM - 10:00 AM Online - via Zoom California State University, Los Angeles - Graduate and Professional
School Fair Tuesday, September 10, 10:00 AM - 2:00 PM Off-Campus Event - - CSU Los Angeles Resume Rush + Professional
Headshots Tuesday, September 10, 10:00 AM - 4:00 PM University Center - UC 1st Atrium USFVotes Election Pop-Up Tuesday,
September 10, 11:45 AM - 12:45 PM University Center - 1st Floor Tabling Station McCarthy Center Programs Info Session
Tuesday, September 10, 11:45 AM - 12:45 PM Online - Zoom Online Previous Next Instagram Back at it after the long
colleges and universities recognized this week by the Princeton Review as the top Higher Ed institutions in the United
USFCA Mobile Library Directions Feedback Title IX Privacy Statement Web Accessibility
Title: Global USF | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/who-we-are/global-usf 
 Global USF | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply (Menu Link)
(Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students Parents
Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change
Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's
University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San
Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board
of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create
Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree
Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research
Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate &
Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San
Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of
Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid
Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet
Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate
Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of
Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research
Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching
Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought
& the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms
Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts &
Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment
Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career
Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events Global USF Home Who We Are Global USF Come find the
world on our campus. Study with students and professors from all over the globe. See the world through different
lenses. Study abroad for a week or for a year. Engage a planet in which everything is connected and on which everyone
matters. At USF, we acknowledge, respect, and celebrate differences. True to our Jesuit values, we pursue the common
good through teaching and research. We are an international community. We seek understanding. We go there, in body and
in spirit. 305 Global Courses 103 countries represented in USF's student body. Top 50 For international students U.S.
News & World Report 2024 #1 in ethnic diversity among national universities U.S. News & World Report 2024 1,295 Total
international student population in Fall 2021 "International synergy among researchers, students & industry is the best
way to improve research & develop new technologies." Carlos Garcia (Brazil) Postdoctoral Fellow, USF Data Institute
"Studying in Senegal provided me with unmatched professional experiences & widened my perspective." MaryCate Sperrazza
Faculty Advisory Board on Internationalization Global Community USF attracts people and ideas from all over the world.
Come join our gatherings of cultures and perspectives. Come navigate, exchange, and appreciate differences. Come see
Fly Global Perspective Students and Professors Make the World Their Classroom Global Reach Study Abroad Each year more
than 300 USF undergraduates and 190 USF graduate students study abroad. We offer you more than 100 programs in 45
Immersion Programs Join an immersion program and dive deep. Learn about a different culture. Work in service or in
research. In the tradition of Jesuit education, you and your classmates observe, reflect, analyze, and act. Explore
Short-Term Abroad Image In the Rome immersion program on forced migration, students meet with refugees and migrants;
meet with experts from the Jesuit Refugee Service, Doctors Without Borders, and Save the Children; discuss ways to
secure justice for refugees worldwide. Global Research See where our professors are doing work and making a difference,
all over the world. See the Map Global Partnerships USF opens the door for you to more than 100 universities and
programs around the world. Here are just a few: At Sophia University in Japan, take classes in English, join student
clubs and organizations, meet other exchange students from all over the world, and embrace life in Tokyo. At Pontificia
Universidad Javeriana in Colombia, take classes in Spanish and in English, do internships, and join a wide range of
activities on campus and in the local community. In the Peace Corps Prep program at USF, take classes, meet with
alumni, do activities, and participate in service projects that prepare you to serve in the Peace Corps. USF is part of
the AJCU international network which allows us to collaborate between and among the networks of the Jesuit Catholic
study the world. Come find courses all across the curriculum that give you a global perspective. A few examples:
Previous slide Next slide Human Rights/Global Change BAIS 320 Study human rights in a changing world. Study the impact
of governments, multinationals, churches, universities, and activists on political and economic development. Study
strategies for global justice. Global Economy ECON280 Study international trade, economic development, foreign
investment, international inequality, and institutions such as the IMF, the World Bank, and the World Trade
Organization. For non-economics majors. Global Product Development MBA 6602 Learn how to select, research, and develop,
and position new products. Study cases of products developed in the medical, biotech, IT, telecom, materials, and
consumer fields. Global Inequalities/Social Justice SOC 302 Explore the structures, cultures, and development of
societies from a sociological, comparative, and global perspective, with an emphasis on case studies from developing
countries. Explore More International Undergraduate Admission International Graduate Admission International Student &
Scholar Services Office of International Initiatives Study Abroad Global Immersion Programs Our Commitment to Diversity
Featured Global Programs Languages, Literatures & Cultures International Studies Migration Studies International
Development Economics International & Multicultural Education Human Rights Education Site Footer University of San
Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external)
Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect
Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus
Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Visit Give to USF myUSF Consumer Information Privacy
Title: Fast Facts | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/who-we-are/fast-facts 
 Fast Facts | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply (Menu Link)
(Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students Parents
Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change
Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's
University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San
Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board
of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create
Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree
Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research
Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate &
Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San
Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of
Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid
Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet
Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate
Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of
Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research
Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching
Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought
& the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms
Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts &
Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment
Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career
Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events Fast Facts Home Who We Are Fast Facts While numbers
alone can't define USF, they do tell some of our story. Explore these statistics and see what makes USF, USF. USF Ranks
#1 in ethnic diversity among national universities U.S. News & World Report 2024 Best Value in the top 50% U.S. News &
World Report 2024 Top 30% among national universities U.S. News & World Report 2024 Best Colleges Featured in the
Princeton Review Best 388 Colleges list for 2023 top 14 percent in the nation Top 20 for Tech Salaries Wall Street
is the perfect balance between an institution that challenges you but also provides the necessary support for students
Students on full or partial athletic scholarships 9 Women's Sports (Basketball, Beach Volleyball, Cross Country, Golf,
Soccer, Tennis, Track, Triathlon, Volleyball) 7 Men's Sports (Baseball, Basketball, Cross Country, Golf, Soccer,
Tennis, Track) 26 Intramural and Club Sports USF Cares 2,700 tons of waste we've recycled or composted since 2018. 4.5
gigawatt-hours of clean, renewable electricity generated on campus, equivalent to ~13 million miles of travel by
electric car. 7% reduction in annual water use since 2018. 22% reduction in annual waste generated since 2018. Paul J.
Fitzgerald, S.J. USF President Sustainability and environmental justice are expressions of our understanding that we've
and from the heart." Paul J. Fitzgerald, S.J. USF President Keep Exploring Find Your Program The Campus Experience
Faculty & Student Research Take the Next Step Visit USF Attend an Admission Event Apply Now Site Footer University of
San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external)
Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect
Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus
Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Visit Give to USF myUSF Consumer Information Privacy
Title: Ann Getty Institute of Art and Design | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/ann-getty-institute 
 Ann Getty Institute of Art and Design | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term
Search: Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu
Link) Students Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots
Agents for Change Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San
Francisco's University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus
Downtown San Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President &
Leadership Board of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics
Learn to Create Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs
Dual Degree Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support
Undergraduate Research Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions
Advising Graduate & Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates
Executive Education The San Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of
Arts & Sciences School of Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries
Admission & Aid Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates &
Deadlines Meet Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources
International Graduate Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price
Calculator Types of Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty &
Student Research Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies
Center for Teaching Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for
Catholic Social Thought & the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good
Innovation Labs Star Route Farms Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City
The Campus Experience Arts & Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student
Activities Student Employment Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing
Dining on Campus Career Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events Ann Getty Institute of Art
and Design Home Faculty & Research Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Ann Getty
Institute of Art & Design About Ann Getty Scholarships The Ann Getty Institute of Art and Design is an
interdisciplinary center of experiential learning and innovation in the arts. It champions visual and performing
artists, designers and architects, writers and filmmakers, and arts and museum scholars, as they hone their craft.
Bringing together the power of the arts and a Jesuit, liberal arts education, the institute expands and links USF's
arts programs, spaces, and scholarships. Its goal is to nurture a community of artists across disciplines to create
projects that support communities, transform lives, and inspire action for the common good. The institute honors the
legacy of renowned art collector Ann Getty, and is funded by her husband, San Francisco philanthropist Gordon Getty.
Give to the Institute Our Programs USF arts curriculum expands beyond the theoretical and the classroom. Students
participate in the rich creative culture of the San Francisco Bay Area and share their voices through exhibitions,
internships, and performances. Previous slide Next slide Architecture, BA Architecture, community design, urban design,
both locally and internationally. Architecture Art History & Museum Studies, BA Blend history and theory with practical
experience. Learn visual literacy, critical thinking, and research skills that enable you to thrive in the art world.
Art History & Museum Studies Design, BA Come join a community of designers. Study with experts in state-of-the-art
classrooms. Use graphic design, digital media design, information design, and environmental design to create messages,
interfaces, and public spaces. Use your design to make a difference. Design English in Writing, Minor Learn how to
write for fluid communication. Analyze prose from the inside out. English in Writing minor courses cover style,
structure, usage, and revision in traditional classroom and workshop settings. English in Writing Film Studies, Minor
Find your voice while constructing unique, engaging stories. Produce films that give voice to your generation. Film
Studies Fine Arts, BA Challenge your imagination and define your point-of-view with techniques and tools to last a
lifetime. Our curriculum is designed to spark progressive thinking, promote social justice and cultural diversity, and
celebrate the processes of art making. Fine Arts Media Studies, BA Come tell stories using audio, video, and the
written word. Learn how to analyze and critique media. Explore social, political, and cultural issues of our time. Give
voice to the underserved. Create content that matters. Media Studies Performing Arts & Social Justice, BA Promote
complex issues and strengthen your communities via performance. Performing Arts & Social Justice Museum Studies, MA Be
prepared for leadership positions in artistic, cultural, and heritage organizations that operate in a constantly
changing social dynamic. Museum Studies Writing, MFA Take advantage of San Francisco's vibrant, eclectic literary
scene. Hone your creative techniques and vision, and thrive in the larger community of writers. Writing Our Arts Spaces
The Ann Getty Institute of Art and Design will include the Performing Arts/USF Stages and Presentation Theater, XARTS
visual arts and design studios and Thacher Gallery, the Media Lab and Audio Recording Studio, along with new spaces
that bring together the arts disciplines at USF for cross-pollination and collaboration. The Ann Getty Endowed Chair
Professor Paula Birnbaum, PhD is the inaugural Ann Getty Endowed Chair, and will lead the institute's formative and
research efforts. Professor Birnbaum, a scholar in art history and museum studies, has been teaching at USF and
collaborating with Bay Area museums and art institutions for over 20 years. As the founding academic director of the
faculty in cutting-edge research and artistic work, and creating programming initiatives. Please stay tuned for
information on future opportunities for Distinguished Visiting Artists and Scholars. Paula Birnbaum Professor & Ann
Herbert (MA, '16) placing Native California baskets for the exhibition "Interwoven: Native California Baskery Arts from
dance group) respond to the exhibition "POROUS: New Works by Jonathan Anazalone" on the Kalmanovitz Hall Sculpture
Terrace. Fine arts professor Arturo Aurajo demonstrates printing techniques on the Albion press as part of the
an installation of copy and glitch art. (L-R) Ava Klubberud, Wyatt Fields, and Cencere Baker on location in our 16mm
Film Production class in our Film Studies program. Performing Arts students in the Rock Band Music Ensemble perform in
USF's Presentation Theater (photographed by Katherine P. James). USF Architecture students Jonathan Chinchilla, Julie
Ehrlich, and Tony Abuyaghi building a performance stage for children at Koshland Park in San Francisco. Upcoming Events
September 19 Tessa Hulls - Critical Diversity Studies Forum: Called to Solidarity September 19, 2024 2:40PM - 4:25PM
Gleeson Library Thacher Gallery Event September 26 Chamber Ensemble September 26, 2024 12:00PM - 1:00PM Gleeson Library
Thacher Gallery Event October 24 Chamber Ensemble October 24, 2024 12:00PM - 1:00PM Gleeson Library Thacher Gallery
Event November 6 University Choir performs Sound Mind November 6, 2024 12:00PM - 1:00PM Gleeson Library Thacher Gallery
Event November 10 Long Distance Relationship: Asian American Comics Artists and the Complexities of Connecting November
Design Main Campus anngettyinstitute@usfca.edu Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San
Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link
is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News &
Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety
University of San Francisco
Title: Alumni Resources | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/alumni/alumni-resources 
 Alumni Resources | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply (Menu
Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students
Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change
Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's
University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San
Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board
of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create
Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree
Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research
Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate &
Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San
Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of
Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid
Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet
Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate
Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of
Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research
Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching
Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought
& the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms
Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts &
Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment
Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career
Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events Alumni Resources Home Alumni Resources On This page
Transcripts Duplicate Diploma Tax Preparation for International Alumni Join and Prosper Keep USF email after graduation
Update my address for the Class Notes section of the USF Magazine? Transcripts Visit MyUSF for instructions, cost, and
delivery options. Get My Transcript Duplicate Diploma Undergraduate, Graduate, and Doctoral students can obtain a
duplicate diploma. You may order a duplicate diploma by filling out the order form on myUSF. Learn More Tax Preparation
for International Alumni Glacier Tax Prep is a tax return preparation software program designed primarily for
nonresident alien alumni, students, scholars, trainees, researchers, and other educational immigration statuses to
prepare their U.S. federal income tax forms. Find Out More Join and Prosper USFs Alumni Association has partnered with
Provident Credit Union to provide our alumni with access to special financial products that are better than a bank's.
As a graduate of USF, enjoy lower rates on auto and home loans and earn higher interest on savings. Learn More Keep USF
email after graduation Your email account remains active after graduation. If you do not have a MyUSF account, please
you. Fill out the Update Us form, send us an e-mail at alumni@usfca.edu, or call us at (415) 422-6431 or (800)
449-4873. Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555
Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is
external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media Academics Academic
Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Visit Give
Title: Faculty & Staff | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/faculty-staff 
 Faculty & Staff | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply (Menu
Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students
Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change
Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's
University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San
Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board
of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create
Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree
Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research
Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate &
Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San
Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of
Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid
Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet
Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate
Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of
Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research
Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching
Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought
& the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms
Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts &
Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment
Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career
Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events INFO FOR Faculty & Staff Home Faculty & Staff Join
our community. Enrich our campus. Change the world at work. Get Where You Need to Go myUSF Check this site to see
what's happening on campus and to manage your USF account. myUSF Events Management Hosting an event? We'll help you
plan and produce it. Events Management Information Technology Services Need help with software or hardware, at home or
in the classroom? Call or make an in-person appointment with ITS. ITS Service Portal USFWorks Request absences, check
your pay stubs, download tax forms, or navigate your benefits in one stop. Login to USFWorks University Holidays Check
here for holidays and paid days off. University Holidays Get The Answers Check here for the resources you need to do
your job. College of Arts & Sciences School of Management School of Education School of Nursing & Health Professions
Office of Contracts & Grants Office of Dean of Students Teaching Effectiveness Survey Title IX Mandatory Reporting Find
Out What's Happening September 5 USF Women's Volleyball vs New Mexico State September 5, 2024 4:00PM - 6:00PM September
5 USF Women's Soccer vs Southern California September 5, 2024 6:00PM - 8:00PM September 6 Embed Your Impact in Every
Line of Code: Use Data to Save the Earth September 6, 2024 12:30PM - 2:00PM On-Campus Event - 101 Howard Street More
Events Get To Know The Hilltop Want to know what's on today's menu in our dining halls? Have a question about campus
parking? Looking for a group fitness class at Koret? Get your answers here. Dining on Campus GoUSF Wellness Koret
Health & Recreation Center Public Safety & Transportation Want to Work at USF? Join the team creating alumni who change
the world. Check out job openings for professors, coaches, librarians, landscapers, web producers. Careers at USF
Benefits Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555
Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is
external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media Academics Academic
Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Visit Give
Title: Admission Events - Undergraduate Admission | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/admission/undergraduate/admission-events 
 Admission Events - Undergraduate Admission | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search
Term Search: Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link)
(Menu Link) Students Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit
Roots Agents for Change Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral
San Francisco's University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus
Downtown San Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President &
Leadership Board of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics
Learn to Create Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs
Dual Degree Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support
Undergraduate Research Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions
Advising Graduate & Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates
Executive Education The San Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of
Arts & Sciences School of Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries
Admission & Aid Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates &
Deadlines Meet Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources
International Graduate Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price
Calculator Types of Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty &
Student Research Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies
Center for Teaching Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for
Catholic Social Thought & the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good
Innovation Labs Star Route Farms Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City
The Campus Experience Arts & Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student
Activities Student Employment Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing
Dining on Campus Career Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events UNDERGRADUATE ADMISSION
Admission Events Home Admission & Aid Undergraduate Admission Admission Events Meet our community Join us for an event
Admission First-Year Students First-Year Students What We Look For AP / IB / College Credit Test Optional ED / EA / RD
First-Year Class Profile First-Year Nursing Admission Transfer Students Transfer Students Transfer Credit Transferable
Course Agreements Nursing Transfer Requirements Engineering Transfer Requirements International Students International
Students International First-Year Students International Transfer Students English Language Proficiency International
Cost of Attendance Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet Your Admission Team Meet Your Admission Team Admission Counselors
Student Ambassadors Admission Events Admission Events Event Recordings REQUEST INFO HOW TO APPLY Visit USF REQUEST
exciting opportunities await you at USF. See our travel schedule September 20 Explore USF - Prospective Nursing Day
September 20, 2024 9:00AM - 1:00PM War Memorial Gym October 3 Veteran Transfer Student Information Session October 3,
2024 4:00PM - 5:00PM October 4 Explore USF - Transfer Day October 4, 2024 9:00AM - 1:00PM War Memorial Gym October 24
Transfer Student Panel October 24, 2024 4:00PM - 5:00PM October 30 College Bound: USF College Application Workshop
October 30, 2024 5:00PM - 6:00PM November 7 Honors College Infomational Webinar November 7, 2024 5:00PM - 6:00PM
In-Person Campus Visit Tour our beautiful 55-acre campus in the center of San Francisco to see where our students live,
study, and relax. Sign Up for a campus visit Virtual Info Sessions Log in to a virtual information session to learn
what to expect in the admission process and see what makes USF an incredible place to study. Special sessions are
available for international, transfer, and nursing students. SIGN UP FOR A VIRTUAL INFO SESSION Transfer Admission
Appointments Meet with a counselor to look at your transcripts, determine your eligibility, and review the transfer
process. MAKE APPOINTMENT Event Recordings Missed an event? Find the recordings by visiting our event recordings page.
We'll be updating the page as recordings become available. View Event Recordings Virtual Tour Office of Undergraduate
Admission Main Campus admission@usfca.edu (415) 422-6563 Lone Mountain Main 2512800 Turk Blvd.San Francisco, CA 94118
Hours Monday - Friday: 8:30 a.m. - 5 p.m. Fax (415) 422-2217 Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton
Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external)
LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers
at USF News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour
Campus Safety Title IX Apply Visit Give to USF myUSF Consumer Information Privacy Statement Web Accessibility Copyright
Title: Why USF? - Undergraduate Admission | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/admission/undergraduate/why-usf 
 Why USF? - Undergraduate Admission | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term
Search: Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu
Link) Students Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots
Agents for Change Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San
Francisco's University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus
Downtown San Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President &
Leadership Board of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics
Learn to Create Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs
Dual Degree Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support
Undergraduate Research Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions
Advising Graduate & Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates
Executive Education The San Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of
Arts & Sciences School of Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries
Admission & Aid Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates &
Deadlines Meet Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources
International Graduate Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price
Calculator Types of Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty &
Student Research Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies
Center for Teaching Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for
Catholic Social Thought & the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good
Innovation Labs Star Route Farms Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City
The Campus Experience Arts & Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student
Activities Student Employment Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing
Dining on Campus Career Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events Why USF? Home Admission & Aid
help you find what fuels you and show you how to foster it. Dive into the history of the Mission District in Latin
American Studies. Create a solar-powered backpack that helps unhoused populations access basic needs. Learn from
world-famous author Lemony Snicket in Writers on Writing. Engineer a solar distillation prism that cleans dirty
future-shaping adventure. Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students First-Year Students What We Look For AP / IB /
College Credit Test Optional ED / EA / RD First-Year Class Profile First-Year Nursing Admission Transfer Students
Transfer Students Transfer Credit Transferable Course Agreements Nursing Transfer Requirements Engineering Transfer
Requirements International Students International Students International First-Year Students International Transfer
Students English Language Proficiency International Cost of Attendance Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet Your Admission
Team Meet Your Admission Team Admission Counselors Student Ambassadors Admission Events Admission Events Event
Recordings REQUEST INFO HOW TO APPLY Visit USF REQUEST APPLY Visit Loading... DISCOVER SOMETHING NEW AT EVERY TURN.
PERSPECTIVE-SHIFTING ACADEMICS. Professors that stretch your understanding, internships that test your skills, and
DEEP COMMUNITY WITH FAR-REACHING IMPACT. Being a USF student means being a part of something bigger than yourself. We
work to make ourselves and the world around us better. See how. AGENTS FOR CHANGE A DEGREE THAT CAN TAKE YOU ANYWHERE.
support. UNDERGRAD ADMISSION #1 Best paying city in the U.S. U.S. NEWS & WORLD REPORT 2022 #1 in ethnic diversity among
national universities U.S. News & World Report 2024 #2 Best college location in California NICHE 2024 STUDENT STORIES
Building Better Boba Boba is often sold in single-use plastic cups with wide plastic straws to suck up the tapioca
ground running right after graduation last spring, landing a job with autonomous car company Cruise. Now, as Marketing
at USF. Today, she uses those skills as a Community Wellness Specialist, working to empower families navigating the
college experience is waiting for you. APPLY VISIT Office of Undergraduate Admission Main Campus admission@usfca.edu
(415) 422-6563 Lone Mountain Main 2512800 Turk Blvd.San Francisco, CA 94118 Hours Monday - Friday: 8:30 a.m. - 5 p.m.
Fax (415) 422-2217 Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA
94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external)
Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media
Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title
of San Francisco
Title: Directions Contact Us | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/directions/contact 
 Directions Contact Us | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply
(Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students
Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change
Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's
University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San
Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board
of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create
Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree
Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research
Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate &
Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San
Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of
Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid
Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet
Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate
Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of
Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research
Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching
Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought
& the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms
Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts &
Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment
Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career
Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events Contact Us Home Maps & Directions Contact Us Maps &
Directions Parking Transit Options Contact Us Whether you are planning a visit, joining us for an event, or have a
need. To help you get a better sense of our location, a campus map and directions are also available. Use this address
for all University of San Francisco Campus mail: University of San Francisco 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA
94117-1080 USA University of San Francisco Campus Office of Undergraduate Admissionadmission@usfca.edu (415) 422-6563
or 1-800-CALL-USF College of Arts and Sciences, Office of Graduate Programsasgraduate@usfca.edu Graduate Admission:
(415) 422-5101 School of EducationSchoolofEducation@usfca.edu Admission: (415) 422-5467 Other inquiries: (415) 422-6525
School of Lawlawadmissions@usfca.edu Admission: (415) 422-6586 Other inquiries: (415) 422-6307 School of Management
management@usfca.edu Graduate Admission: (415) 422-2221 Fax: (415) 358-9112 School of Nursing and Health
Professionsnursing@usfca.edu Graduate Admission: (415) 422-4124 Fax: (415) 422-6877 Other inquiries: (415) 422-6681
Alumnialumni@usfca.edu (415) 422-6431 or (800) 449-4873 Athletics General inquiries: (415) 422-6891 Ticket Office:
(415) 422-2873 Locations Downtown 101 Howard Street San Francisco, CA 94105 Orange County Campus 480 South Batavia
Street Orange, CA 92868 (415) 422-3627 (714) 633-5626orangecounty@usfca.edu Sacramento Campus 1 Capitol Mall, Suite 100
Sacramento, CA 95814 (916) 920-0157sacramentocampus@usfca.edu Residence Halls Hayes Healy 2305 Golden Gate Avenue San
Francisco, CA 94118 Gillson 2325 Golden Gate Avenue San Francisco, CA 94118 Toler 2345 Golden Gate Avenue San
Francisco, CA 94118 Fromm 2497 Golden Gate Avenue San Francisco, CA 94118 Lone Mountain 330 Parker Avenue San
Francisco, CA 94118 Loyola VillageBuilding A 331 Anza Street San Francisco, CA 94118Building B 341 Anza Street San
Francisco, CA 94118 Fulton House 2345 Golden Gate Avenue San Francisco, CA 94118 Site Footer University of San
Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external)
Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect
Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus
Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Visit Give to USF myUSF Consumer Information Privacy
Title: Stand For Diversity | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/who-we-are/agents-change/standing-diversity 
 Stand For Diversity | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply (Menu
Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students
Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change
Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's
University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San
Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board
of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create
Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree
Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research
Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate &
Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San
Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of
Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid
Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet
Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate
Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of
Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research
Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching
Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought
& the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms
Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts &
Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment
Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career
Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events AGENTS FOR CHANGE Stand For Diversity Home Who We Are
Agents for Change Standing For Diversity Whatever your creed, culture, color, country, identity, and orientation, you
are welcome at USF. And you are needed at USF. USF students, faculty, staff, and alumni come from 50 states and more
than 100 countries. Grew up in more than 25 faith traditions. Speak 49 languages. Represent, honor, and celebrate every
kind of person. Come see beauty in mixtures. Find richness in differences. Spark ideas with debates. Find strength in
our common humanity. Remote video URL Welcome to the University of San Francisco #1 in ethnic diversity among national
universities U.S. News & World Report 2024 103 countries represented in USF's student body. 65% of School of Education
students are people of color #10 Ranked law school in the nation for faculty diversity Princeton Review 2nd ranked law
school in the nation for student diversity U.S. News & World Report We are so blessed to have groups like the Queer
Alliance, or groups for transfer students, or groups for people who like to play on the computer. We have groups for
Most Diverse University Alumni Marching with Pride: Highlights from USF's 2024 Pride Celebration Engaged Learning USF
Students Network at Black Engineers Conference Office of Antiracism, Diversity, Equity & Inclusion The Office of
422-2821 Kendrick Hall 2362130 Fulton St.San Francisco, CA 94117 Hours Monday - Friday 9 a.m. - 5 p.m. Site Footer
University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link
is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is
external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore
Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Visit Give to USF myUSF Consumer Information
Title: First-Year Student Admission - Undergraduate Admission | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/admission/undergraduate/first-year 
 First-Year Student Admission - Undergraduate Admission | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter
a Search Term Search: Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu
Link) (Menu Link) Students Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our
Jesuit Roots Agents for Change Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon
Neutral San Francisco's University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main
Campus Downtown San Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates
President & Leadership Board of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News
Academics Learn to Create Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate
Programs Dual Degree Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support
Undergraduate Research Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions
Advising Graduate & Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates
Executive Education The San Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of
Arts & Sciences School of Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries
Admission & Aid Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates &
Deadlines Meet Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources
International Graduate Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price
Calculator Types of Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty &
Student Research Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies
Center for Teaching Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for
Catholic Social Thought & the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good
Innovation Labs Star Route Farms Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City
The Campus Experience Arts & Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student
Activities Student Employment Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing
Dining on Campus Career Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events First-Year Student Admission
Home Admission & Aid Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Apply to USF as a First-Year Student Ready to change
classes, make meaningful connections with your professors, and experience the best of a Jesuit liberal arts education.
known for innovation and social progress. Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students First-Year Students What We Look
For AP / IB / College Credit Test Optional ED / EA / RD First-Year Class Profile First-Year Nursing Admission Transfer
Students Transfer Students Transfer Credit Transferable Course Agreements Nursing Transfer Requirements Engineering
Transfer Requirements International Students International Students International First-Year Students International
Transfer Students English Language Proficiency International Cost of Attendance Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet Your
Admission Team Meet Your Admission Team Admission Counselors Student Ambassadors Admission Events Admission Events
Event Recordings REQUEST INFO APPLY NOW Visit USF REQUEST APPLY Visit Apply as a First-Year Student Previous slide Next
slide Majors & Minors Choose from 42 majors and 70+ minors to design your own undergraduate experience. full list of
majors Dates & Deadlines Apply by January 15 for the fall term and November 1 for the spring term. Dates & deadlines
What We Look For Majors & Minors Choose from 42 majors and 70+ minors to design your own undergraduate experience. full
list of majors Dates & Deadlines Apply by January 15 for the fall term and November 1 for the spring term. Dates &
question. What We Look For Here's how to apply to USF: Complete the Common Application, USF's Direct Application* or
the Coalition Application by the application deadline. All applications are treated equally in the admission process,
as they are in PDF format and clearly show your full name, your school's name, your courses, and your grades.
Action and your application is deferred to Regular Decision, you will be required to submit your grades from your fall
recommended. Short Answer Question: In the USF supplement to the Common App, there is a short answer question about our
Jesuit mission: The University of San Francisco's Jesuit tradition emphasizes community engagement and education for
social justice, inspiring our students to become passionate agents for others. How do you see yourself becoming a part
of this mission? English proficiency test scores: If English is not your native language, you are required to submit
official results of the Test of English as a Foreign Language (TOEFL), the International English Language Testing
System (IELTS), or the Duolingo English test. Learn more about our English language proficiency requirements, including
how to waive these requirements. (Optional) Gap Year explanation: If you have taken, are currently taking, or plan to
take a gap year or additional time off after completing high school, there is a section on the Common Application for
you to explain how you have spent your time or how you plan to spend your time. (Optional) Letter of Recommendation: A
scores: USF does not require students to submit standardized test scores when applying for undergraduate admission.
Learn more about our Test Optional policy. If you do choose to submit your scores, you may have them sent directly from
the testing agency, or you may send unofficial (self-reported) scores. You can send a screenshot of your test scores
(name, test date, scores, and subscores must be visible), or have your counselor email us your score reports or an
updated transcript with your scores to appservices@usfca.edu. The writing sections of the SAT are not used in the
evaluation process. USF will continue to superscore both the SAT and ACT. If you submit both scores for our review, we
will use the highest score available for our admission review. Pay the nonrefundable application fee. Fee waivers are
available through the Common App, NACAC, or College Board. Contact your admission counselor for more information. USF
Application Details Early Decision/Early Action AP/IB/College Credit Test Optional Nursing Admission Financial Aid &
Cost Understand Aid & Cost Scholarships College Prep Guides Whether you're just starting to think about college or
Campus admission@usfca.edu (415) 422-6563 Lone Mountain Main 2512800 Turk Blvd.San Francisco, CA 94118 Hours Monday -
Friday: 8:30 a.m. - 5 p.m. Fax (415) 422-2217 Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San
Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link
is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News &
Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety
University of San Francisco
Title: Global Research | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/who-we-are/global-usf/global-research 
 Global Research | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply (Menu
Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students
Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change
Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's
University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San
Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board
of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create
Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree
Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research
Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate &
Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San
Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of
Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid
Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet
Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate
Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of
Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research
Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching
Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought
& the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms
Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts &
Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment
Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career
Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events Global Research Home Who We Are Global USF Global
Research Come study with professors who travel the globe with their research. These professors collaborate with global
thought leaders, connect you with institutions abroad, and bring the world to classes all across the curriculum. See
research contributes to the establishment of building codes for highly accessible, healthy, and environmentally
sustainable building materials, so that they can become a safer option for those who build with them. Most of my
Goldman, Johannesburg, South Africa Research projects in the financial services industry with collaborators at the
Gordon Institute of Business Science, University of Pretoria Learn More Close close Michael Goldman, Melbourne,
Australia Research projects in sports management with faculty at Victoria University Learn More Close close Michael
Goldman, Lima, Peru Research on impact of COVID-19 on the sport industry with collaborators at the Universidad Peruana
de Ciencias Aplicadas Learn More Close close Hwaji Shin, Japan My book project explores the failures and triumphs of
nationhood, citizenship, and migration in 20th and 21st century Japanese society. Learn More Close close Brandi
Lawless, Meru, Kenya Dr. Lawless works with women-run organizations, including International Peace Initiatives, to
develop feminist peacebuilding strategies used to overcome violence around the Kenyan elections. Learn More Close close
Heather Hoag, Africa My current research project examines the changing nature and importance of fishing in West African
artisanal fishing communities Learn More Close close Omar Miranda, Montreal, Quebec, Canada Presenting a paper at the
ACCUTE Educational Conference 2022 Learn More Close close Omar Miranda, Liverpool, UK Presenting at NASSR/BARS
Conference Learn More Close close Omar Miranda, London, UK Lecturing and serving on a panel at the Percy Shelley
Conference at the John Keats House in Hampstead London Learn More Close close Brian Pines, Weimar, Germany A Fellowship
from Klassikstiftung Weimar to work on my manuscript and present my research on Nietzsche and Van Gogh. My book
concentrates on a single year, in which a series of coincidences occurred between these two men. Learn More Close close
John Zarobell, Asia My current research is on Emerging Asian Megacities with research sites that include Jakarta,
Delhi, Karachi, and Shanghai Learn More Close close Dana Zartner, Cambodia My research centers on how international and
comparative law may be used to support local environmental justice movements and how culture and nature shape the
creation of innovative environmental law and policy. Learn More Close close James Sikes, Costa Rica Teach short-term
immersion courses abroad focused on tropical ecology including Tropical Ecology of Costa Rica Learn More Close close
James Sikes, Ecuador Teach short-term immersion courses abroad focused on tropical ecology including Biology of
codes for highly accessible, healthy, and environmentally sustainable building materials, so that they can become a
safer option for those who build with them. Most of my engagement has been in Central America (Nicaragua) and South
America (Peru). Learn More Close close Nora Fisher-Onar, Turkey Researching the interaction of global international
relations which encompasses critical, historical sociological, postcolonial and gender approaches to the study and
practice of international relations and interdisciplinary area studies between the Middle East, Europe and Eurasia
Learn More Close close Shan Wang, Beijing, China Working with collaborator doctors in the medical field from China to
perform clinical data analytics based on clinical data from patients in their institutions Learn More Close close Oren
Kroll-Zeldin, Middle East My research focuses on social movements for justice and peace in Israel and Palestine. I lead
numerous study trips to Israel/Palestine and am an experienced facilitator for groups in conflict. Learn More Close
close Mohammed Nadeem, Makkah, Saudi Arabia Presenting a paper at the International Conference on Social Science
look very different across all fields and around the globe. Learn More Close close Catherine Lusheck, Antwerp, Belgium
Most of the works and archives I consult on are currently located in often largely inaccessible collections. Through my
art history research, there is now a much wider reach and global implications. Learn More Close close Tea Processing
Center Sankhuwasava, Nepal This Tea Processing Facility for rural farmers in Nepal was designed by students. The built
project has helped transform local farming families from subsistence agriculture to modest incomes that enables their
children to go to school and young adults to envision a future for themselves in the community. Site Footer University
of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external)
Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect
Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus
Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Visit Give to USF myUSF Consumer Information Privacy
Title: San Francisco's University | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/who-we-are/san-franciscos-university 
 San Francisco's University | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply
(Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students
Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change
Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's
University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San
Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board
of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create
Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree
Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research
Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate &
Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San
Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of
Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid
Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet
Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate
Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of
Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research
Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching
Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought
& the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms
Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts &
Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment
Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career
Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events San Francisco's University Home Who We Are San
Francisco's University Since its birth in 1855, USF has shaped the city of San Francisco, and the city has shaped USF.
a neighbor, a friend, a classroom, and a testing ground. Come to USF and take classes that serve the city. Come to USF
and help free a wrongfully convicted man. Come to USF and do work that does good. Come Innovate From Here Come live,
learn, and grow in San Francisco, a worldwide magnet for dreamers, eccentrics, entrepreneurs, and innovators of every
stripe. Learn USF's History London Breed MPA '13 Mayor of San Francisco Learn to Lead What I appreciate about my
Francisco Advantage Student Entrepreneurs Pitch Business Ideas, Compete for Startup Funding San Francisco Advantage
Classroom The San Francisco Connection Global USF Take the Next Step Request Information Visit USF Connect With Us Site
Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook
(link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is
external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore
Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Visit Give to USF myUSF Consumer Information
Title: Types of Aid | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/financial-aid/types-of-aid 
 Types of Aid | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply (Menu Link)
(Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students Parents
Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change
Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's
University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San
Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board
of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create
Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree
Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research
Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate &
Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San
Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of
Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid
Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet
Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate
Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of
Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research
Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching
Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought
& the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms
Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts &
Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment
Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career
Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events FINANCIAL AID & COST Types of Aid Home Admission &
Aid Financial Aid & Cost Types of Aid Types of Financial Aid Some kinds of financial aid (like student loans) will need
Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Cost of Attendance Undergraduate Costs Graduate Costs
Net Price Calculator Types of Aid Types of Aid Federal & State Grants Federal Work-Study Loans Scholarships
Work-Study Federal Work-Study (FWS) is an opportunity for you to earn money from an on- or off-campus job. The money
you earn from your job goes directly to you, like a regular paycheck. Work-Study Info Loans Based on your FAFSA, you or
your parents could qualify for low-interest government loans. You can also apply for private loans. Loans need to be
to be repaid, and they can be based on your financial need, your academic achievements, or your personal identity.
Scholarship Info Tuition Exchange/FACHEX If your parent works for a participating college or university, you may be
eligible for additional tuition assistance. Eligibility Info Veterans Benefits The Yellow Ribbon Program can help pay
Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link
is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News &
Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety
University of San Francisco
Title: Housing & Dining | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/life-at-usf/housing-dining 
 Housing & Dining | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply (Menu
Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students
Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change
Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's
University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San
Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board
of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create
Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree
Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research
Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate &
Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San
Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of
Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid
Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet
Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate
Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of
Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research
Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching
Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought
& the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms
Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts &
Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment
Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career
Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events LIFE AT USF Housing & Dining Home Life at USF Housing
& Dining Form lifelong relationships, share new adventures, and explore your new digs. When you live on campus at USF,
you share homes and hallways with fresh personalities and unique backgrounds, and the resulting melting pot will
operates six eateries across campus, including the new Lone Mountain Dining Hall, with views that span downtown, San
Francisco Bay, and the Pacific Ocean. Student Housing Living on campus amid distinct personalities and unique
are formed, and big ideas are born. Each of our ten residence halls, one off-campus and nine on campus (including five
living-learning communities), offers a unique way to connect with the university. Student housing Living-Learning
Communities USF living-learning communities provide undergraduate students an opportunity for deeper, more meaningful,
and connected learning in a shared residential and academic environment. Students in these communities are enrolled in
a common set of courses and live together in a designated residential setting. Living-Learning Communities Off-Campus
Housing Immerse yourself in the city and experience living off-campus. The Off-Campus Living Department is dedicated to
supporting you in your transition to living off-campus. The majority of our students tend to live in neighborhoods of
the Inner Richmond, Outer Richmond, Panhandle, Cole Valley, and Outer Sunset. Off-Campus Housing Dining on Campus From
the six eateries across the University of San Francisco campus and catch a view of the city from the newest dining
location on Lone Mountain. Explore Dining at USF Take a Virtual Tour Curious to see what it's like living in a dorm?
Records at Silk Speaker Series Campus Life Meet Fall 2024's New Students Keep Exploring The Heart of the City Student
Activities Career Planning & Preparation Take the Next Step Plan a Visit View Admission Events Make a Transfer
Appointment Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555
Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is
external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media Academics Academic
Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Visit Give
Title: Undergraduate Researchers Tackle Cancer | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/news/undergraduate-researchers-tackle-cancer 
 Undergraduate Researchers Tackle Cancer | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term
Search: Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu
Link) Students Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots
Agents for Change Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San
Francisco's University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus
Downtown San Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President &
Leadership Board of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics
Learn to Create Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs
Dual Degree Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support
Undergraduate Research Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions
Advising Graduate & Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates
Executive Education The San Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of
Arts & Sciences School of Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries
Admission & Aid Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates &
Deadlines Meet Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources
International Graduate Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price
Calculator Types of Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty &
Student Research Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies
Center for Teaching Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for
Catholic Social Thought & the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good
Innovation Labs Star Route Farms Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City
The Campus Experience Arts & Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student
Activities Student Employment Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing
Dining on Campus Career Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events Research Undergraduate
Researchers Tackle Cancer by Evan Elliot, USF News February 29, 2024 At many universities, only graduate students do
research lab of Professor Christina Tzagarakis-Foster since fall 2022. Mishra works with DAX1, a nuclear hormone
like bacteria. Some are good and some are harmful, and sometimes even the good ones can malfunction and do more harm
without chocolate chips in them. The chips are impurities produced during drug manufacturing, and we want to learn how
she works there two afternoons a week, working to shut down the RAS/MAPK pathway, a pathway in the body in which cancer
from my internship and current work, I really like that. And then work for a year or two and then go to grad school. I
Lead and Succeed USF Students Pitch Business Ideas to Top Executives Global Perspective Why She Stayed at USF Equipped
to Lead and Succeed Student Launches AI Project that Makes Learning a Language Easier Share Copy Facebook Twitter
LinkedIn Email more news Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA
94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external)
Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media
Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title
of San Francisco
Title: Our History | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/who-we-are/san-franciscos-university/our-history 
 Our History | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply (Menu Link)
(Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students Parents
Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change
Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's
University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San
Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board
of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create
Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree
Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research
Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate &
Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San
Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of
Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid
Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet
Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate
Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of
Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research
Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching
Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought
& the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms
Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts &
Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment
Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career
Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events Our History Home Who We Are San Francisco's
University Our History Ever since its beginning, the University of San Francisco has been different. The university was
founded in 1855 as St. Ignatius Academy, a one-room schoolhouse on a cow path that would become Market Street. On
65. The State of California granted the college a charter in 1859. In 1880, the college moved to a new building on Van
Ness Avenue in the Civic Center (currently the site of Davies Symphony Hall). After the 1906 earthquake and fire, the
college was moved to Hayes and Shrader Streets. The Jesuits acquired a small strip of property at the corner of Fulton
Street and Parker Avenue, and in 1914, they completed the current St. Ignatius Church at that site. By 1927, to
accommodate the growing student population, a building was built just to the east of the church and the college moved
to its present location. In 1930, on the occasion of its diamond jubilee and at the request of alumni groups, St.
Ignatius College was renamed the University of San Francisco. Like the city that surrounds it, USF is progressive. USF
was one of the first racially integrated universities in the country. In 1951, when the USF football team was invited
to play in the Orange Bowl on the condition that the team leave its Black players behind, the team declined. Lone
Mountain was purchased by USF in 1978, extending the campus to 55 acres. USF is the only Division I university in San
Francisco. In 2019, USF met its goal of zero net carbon emissions, 31 years ahead of its 2050 target date. Today, USF
offers more than 80 undergraduate programs in the arts and sciences, business, and nursing and health professions, and
more than 60 graduate programs in business, law, arts and sciences, education, and nursing and health professions. USF
students come from 50 states and 111 countries. Grew up in 23 faith traditions. Speak 50 languages. USF has more than
117,000 alumni who live in 50 states, six U.S. territories, and 139 countries. They work in every field known to
humankind. Wherever they are and whatever they do, everyone in the USF community shares one mission: Change the world
for the better. Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA
94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external)
Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media
Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title
of San Francisco
Title: The Heart of the City - Life at USF | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/life-at-usf/heart-city 
 The Heart of the City - Life at USF | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term
Search: Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu
Link) Students Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots
Agents for Change Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San
Francisco's University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus
Downtown San Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President &
Leadership Board of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics
Learn to Create Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs
Dual Degree Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support
Undergraduate Research Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions
Advising Graduate & Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates
Executive Education The San Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of
Arts & Sciences School of Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries
Admission & Aid Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates &
Deadlines Meet Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources
International Graduate Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price
Calculator Types of Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty &
Student Research Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies
Center for Teaching Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for
Catholic Social Thought & the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good
Innovation Labs Star Route Farms Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City
The Campus Experience Arts & Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student
Activities Student Employment Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing
Dining on Campus Career Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events LIFE AT USF The Heart of the
City Home Life at USF The Heart of the City San Francisco offers you an energy that you won't find anywhere else, and
USF puts you in the heart of San Francisco. Literally. Everything in the city is less than 3.5 miles away. Come to USF,
stands at the eastern edge of the Richmond District, which Time Out called "a microcosm of what makes San Francisco so
special: natural beauty, rich culture, and incredible cuisine from every corner of the world." Read the Story Where to
More Things to Try Explore Culture From Here Music and museums. Galleries and thrift shops. Bookstores and boba shops.
They're all here and they're all near. Previous slide Next slide Hear New Music Catch up-and-coming acts at the
Independent. Catch big stars at the Civic or the Chase Center. Come hear it all, every night. See World-Class Museums
collections. Explore Street Cultures See murals in the Mission and outdoor art all over the city. Taste the City
Close close Soak in the City Take in a 360-degree sweep of San Francisco from Hamon Observation Tower at de Young
Stock Up The Clement Street Farmers Market offers all the fruits, vegetables, teas, and breads that you could want.
Book Not all reading has to be assigned. Check out the rolling carts at Green Apple Books to find used books for less
Exploring The San Francisco Connection San Francisco's University Activism and Engagement Take the Next Step Admission
& Aid Visit USF The Value of a USF Education Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San
Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link
is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News &
Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety
University of San Francisco
Title: Student Activities | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/life-at-usf/campus-experience/student-activities 
 Student Activities | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply (Menu
Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students
Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change
Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's
University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San
Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board
of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create
Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree
Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research
Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate &
Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San
Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of
Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid
Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet
Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate
Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of
Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research
Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching
Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought
& the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms
Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts &
Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment
Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career
Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events THE CAMPUS EXPERIENCE Student Activities Home Life at
a community on campus that speaks to you. Clubs and Organizations Learn to Lead Join the student government. Become a
GO Team orientation leader. Get recognized with an award in student leadership. Leadership and Engagement Go Greek
Become a member of a social fraternity or sorority. Greek Life Explore Your Identity Explore social issues and
identity. Embrace your role as a member of a diverse community on local and global levels. Cultural Centers Become a
Cadet Train for the Army. Build and improve your overall health and fitness. Learn to thrive amidst chaos and lead
others to success in complex environments. Army ROTC Join an Honors Society Join top students across the university,
across majors, and across scholarship lines. Academic Societies Show Your Dons Spirit Attend a home game and cheer on
your fellow Dons. Or join a team and help lead them to victory. Athletics Put Your Values and Spiritual Growth to
Action Central to a Jesuit education is the cultivation of community service, a passion for justice, and a life of
faith. You will have many opportunities to apply these values to your studies, careers, and personal lives. Previous
slide Next slide Pursue Public Service Fashion a more humane and just world. Pursue a life and career of ethical public
service to serve the common good. McCarthy Center Explore Your Spiritual Potential Participate in student liturgy. Join
a meditation group. Learn to live a life of meaning and purpose. University Ministry Promote Catholic Social Thought
Address contemporary social and environmental issues through the lens of Catholic Social Thought, a tradition rooted in
solidarity, human dignity, and the common good. Lane Center Live and Learn Together Enroll in a common set of courses
Living-Learning Communities Share Your Voice Participate in student-run radio, television, and newspaper operations.
You'll gain experience in writing, editing, advertising, sales, graphic design, photography, and production. Broadcast
USFtv Join a film production company and television station. Create content about entertainment, culture, student life,
and more. USFtv Write for the SF Foghorn Make student voices heard. Report the latest campus news, opinions, and events
that impact Dons. SF Foghorn Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA
94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external)
Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media
Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title
of San Francisco
Title: International Undergraduate Admission | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/admission/undergraduate/international 
 International Undergraduate Admission | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term
Search: Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu
Link) Students Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots
Agents for Change Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San
Francisco's University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus
Downtown San Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President &
Leadership Board of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics
Learn to Create Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs
Dual Degree Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support
Undergraduate Research Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions
Advising Graduate & Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates
Executive Education The San Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of
Arts & Sciences School of Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries
Admission & Aid Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates &
Deadlines Meet Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources
International Graduate Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price
Calculator Types of Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty &
Student Research Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies
Center for Teaching Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for
Catholic Social Thought & the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good
Innovation Labs Star Route Farms Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City
The Campus Experience Arts & Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student
Activities Student Employment Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing
Dining on Campus Career Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events International Undergraduate
Admission Home Admission & Aid Undergraduate Admission International Students Apply to USF as an International Student
International students come to USF for the small classes, rigorous academic programs, and all the excitement and
culture of San Francisco. As part of our Jesuit mission, we look for students who want to contribute to the global
community and use their education to make the world a better place. Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students
First-Year Students What We Look For AP / IB / College Credit Test Optional ED / EA / RD First-Year Class Profile
First-Year Nursing Admission Transfer Students Transfer Students Transfer Credit Transferable Course Agreements Nursing
Transfer Requirements Engineering Transfer Requirements International Students International Students International
First-Year Students International Transfer Students English Language Proficiency International Cost of Attendance Why
USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet Your Admission Team Meet Your Admission Team Admission Counselors Student Ambassadors
Admission Events Admission Events Event Recordings REQUEST INFO HOW TO APPLY Visit USF REQUEST APPLY Visit 9%
international students at USF Top 6% in lifetime earnings Georgetown University "Ranking 4,500 Colleges by ROI" 2022 #1
in ethnic diversity among national universities U.S. News & World Report 2024 #2 Best college location in California
NICHE 2024 Apply as a first-year student Apply as a transfer student scholarships International Information Session
Talk to an international admission counselor to learn more about our admission process. Sign Up Find us on WeChat Scan
the QR code to chat with our international admission team on WeChat! Resources for Families Download important
information about USF, the academic curriculum, and scholarships for international students. USF brochure Undergraduate
Curriculum Scholarships Chat with a Current Student Interested in USF? Chat with a current USF student to get your
questions answered right away. Virtual Tour Explore our beautiful 55-acre campus, including classrooms, libraries, and
more. This tour is available in English, Spanish and Mandarin. Chinese students and families Please visit our website
at china.usfca.edu. Visit our website International Admission Main Campus international@usfca.edu (415) 422-6563 Lone
Mountain Main 2512800 Turk Blvd.San Francisco, CA 94118 Hours Monday - Friday: 8:30 a.m. - 5 p.m. Site Footer
University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link
is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is
external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore
Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Visit Give to USF myUSF Consumer Information
Title: Undergraduate Financial Aid - Financial Aid & Cost | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/financial-aid/undergraduate 
 Undergraduate Financial Aid - Financial Aid & Cost | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a
Search Term Search: Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu
Link) (Menu Link) Students Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our
Jesuit Roots Agents for Change Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon
Neutral San Francisco's University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main
Campus Downtown San Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates
President & Leadership Board of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News
Academics Learn to Create Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate
Programs Dual Degree Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support
Undergraduate Research Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions
Advising Graduate & Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates
Executive Education The San Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of
Arts & Sciences School of Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries
Admission & Aid Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates &
Deadlines Meet Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources
International Graduate Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price
Calculator Types of Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty &
Student Research Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies
Center for Teaching Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for
Catholic Social Thought & the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good
Innovation Labs Star Route Farms Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City
The Campus Experience Arts & Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student
Activities Student Employment Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing
Dining on Campus Career Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events FINANCIAL AID & COST
Undergraduate Financial Aid Home Admission & Aid Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Financial Aid & Cost
Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Cost of Attendance Undergraduate Costs Graduate Costs
Net Price Calculator Types of Aid Types of Aid Federal & State Grants Federal Work-Study Loans Scholarships
CAREER OUTCOMES REQUEST INFO Outcomes REQUEST INFO Apply for Undergraduate Financial Aid All undergraduate students are
eligible to apply for financial aid, and most incoming first-year students (9 out of 10, in fact) are awarded some form
of aid every year. Complete your financial aid application Submit the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA)
the California Dream Act application. Provide your Social Security Number (if applicable) on your USF application If
you have a Social Security Number, please include it on your application to USF. This allows us to match your FAFSA
with your USF application. Deadlines to apply for financial aid: First-year students: February 1 Transfer students:
we can prepare an offer for you. Though we strongly encourage you to submit your application by the deadline, we will
continue to process applications that arrive after the deadline. Start your Application Create an account and start
undergraduate cost of attendance Net price calculator Undergraduate admission Scholarships Frequently Asked Questions:
How is my financial aid offer determined? Once you submit a FAFSA or CA Dream Act application, USF will review your
are eligible to receive from the federal government and/or from the university. Learn more about SAI. Your final
need-based financial aid offer takes into consideration your financial need, the current cost of attendance, other aid
sources you may have received, and current federal, state, and university aid policies. What about scholarships? When
need-based scholarships from the university. Learn more about scholarships. When do I get my financial aid offer? Fall
mailing address. June 1: Deadline to submit any missing documents or complete unsatisfied financial aid requirements.
Make sure to complete the requirements so that your financial aid is correctly reflected on your first bill. First week
of July: Your first student bill is posted to your account. August 1: Fall bill due Spring Admits: On or before
mailing address. November 1: Deadline to submit any missing documents or complete unsatisfied financial aid
requirements. Make sure to complete the requirements so that your financial aid is correctly reflected on your first
bill. First week of December: Your first student bill is posted to your account. First week of January: Fall bill due
Office of Financial Aid Main Campus financialaid@usfca.edu (415) 422-3387 Lone Mountain Main 2032800 Turk Blvd.San
Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external)
Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect
Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus
Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Visit Give to USF myUSF Consumer Information Privacy
Title: Student Support | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/life-at-usf/campus-experience/student-support 
 Student Support | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply (Menu
Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students
Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change
Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's
University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San
Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board
of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create
Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree
Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research
Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate &
Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San
Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of
Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid
Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet
Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate
Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of
Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research
Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching
Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought
& the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms
Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts &
Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment
Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career
Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events The Campus Experience Student Support Home Life at
USF The Campus Experience Student Support On This page Enrollment & Financial Services Health Services Technology &
Communication Other Student Resources We provide a wealth of resources and support that ensure our students have
opportunities to grow as individuals and academics in a supportive, safe, and inclusive environment. Enrollment &
Financial Services Applying for financial aid? Ready to register for classes? Time to pay tuition? The Student
location. Financial Aid Billing & Tuition Registration Student Records Graduation Student Employment Health Services
committed to fostering the physical, mental, emotional, and spiritual health of all students. The university's
comprehensive program of student services includes a student health clinic, counseling services, and a disability
resource center. Counseling & Psychological Services Crisis Resources Health Workshops Koret Health & Recreation Center
Student Health Clinic Student Disability Services Student Health Insurance Title IX Technology & Communication USF
provides students with access and support for a variety of applications and services. Information Technology Services
One Card Public Safety & Transportation Student Technology Guide Other Student Resources Career Services Center for
Academic & Student Achievement Cultural Centers International Student & Scholar Services Student Housing Student
Leadership & Engagement University Ministry Veterans Affairs Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton
Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external)
LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers
at USF News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour
Campus Safety Title IX Apply Visit Give to USF myUSF Consumer Information Privacy Statement Web Accessibility Copyright
Title: Student Housing | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/life-at-usf/housing-dining/student-housing 
 Student Housing | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply (Menu
Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students
Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change
Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's
University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San
Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board
of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create
Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree
Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research
Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate &
Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San
Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of
Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid
Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet
Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate
Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of
Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research
Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching
Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought
& the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms
Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts &
Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment
Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career
Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events HOUSING & DINING Student Housing Home Life at USF
Housing & Dining Student Housing Living on campus amid distinct personalities and unique backgrounds is a hallmark of
born. Apply For Housing Residence Halls Each of our residence halls offers a unique way to connect with the university.
Explore Residence Halls Your Space and Place to Change the World From Here Select option to display slide What's in a
Dorm Room? Housing Accommodations Your Safety Information for Parents What's in a Dorm Room? Housing Accommodations
Your Safety Information for Parents What's in a Dorm Room? See what you need to bring to a dorm room and be ready to
hit the ground running! What's in a Dorm Room? Housing Accommodations Student Housing and the University of San
Francisco work to provide housing spaces for all students. Housing Accommodations Your Safety The Department of Public
Safety ensures a safe learning, working and living environment at the University of San Francisco. Your Safety
Information for Parents As a parent, you might be anxious, and Student Housing has gathered information to help.
Information for Parents Special Communities USF offers a range of housing accommodations for special communities on
campus. These rich communities foster friendship and belonging that extend beyond the classroom. Living-Learning
Communities Discover your passion for exploring real social issues, connect with a community, and work together with
friends on creating a better future. Learn More The Haven Recovery Residence A unique residential community for USF
students in recovery from substance use issues or for those who simply desire to live a sober, healthy recovery
lifestyle. Learn More Gender-Inclusive Housing The University of San Francisco offers gender-inclusive housing. You can
apply within the housing application and be entered into a lottery for a room in the gender-inclusive community. Learn
More Off-Campus Living Find housing and roommates in San Francisco and its surrounding neighborhoods and communities.
Off-Campus Housing & Living Office of Student Housing Main Campus SHaRE@usfca.edu (415) 422-6824 UC 5th Floor2130
Fulton St.San Francisco, CA 94117 Hours Mon. - Fri. 9 a.m. - 4 p.m. Explore More Summer Housing Dining on Campus One
Card Take the Next Step Apply for Housing Take a Virtual Tour Visit USF Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo
2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is
external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us
Directory Careers at USF News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps &
Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Visit Give to USF myUSF Consumer Information Privacy Statement Web
Title: Center for Asia Pacific Studies | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/center-for-asia-pacific-studies 
 Center for Asia Pacific Studies | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search:
Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link)
Students Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents
for Change Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San
Francisco's University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus
Downtown San Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President &
Leadership Board of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics
Learn to Create Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs
Dual Degree Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support
Undergraduate Research Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions
Advising Graduate & Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates
Executive Education The San Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of
Arts & Sciences School of Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries
Admission & Aid Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates &
Deadlines Meet Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources
International Graduate Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price
Calculator Types of Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty &
Student Research Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies
Center for Teaching Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for
Catholic Social Thought & the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good
Innovation Labs Star Route Farms Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City
The Campus Experience Arts & Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student
Activities Student Employment Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing
Dining on Campus Career Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events Center for Asia Pacific
Studies Home Faculty & Research Research Centers & Institutes Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Asia Pacific
Studies About the Center Asia Pacific Perspectives Asia Pacific Perspectives Publish with Us Staff & Faculty
Fellowships and Awards Fellowships and Awards Asian Studies Merit Fellowship Bridging the Pacific Essay Contest Don
Reid Sogang University Scholarship Asia Bridge Fellowships 2nd Year Merit Fellowships Summer Stipend Postdoctoral
Fellowship Kiriyama Professor Visiting Scholars Advisory Committee Email Sign Up Subscribe The Center for Asia Pacific
with the Asia Pacific with programs that promote research and people-to-people exchanges in the region. Asia Bridge
Fellowships Research issues vital for our understanding of the Asia Pacific both historically and today. Develop skills
like data analysis, essay and report writing, and public speaking in our 9-month fellowship program. Explore
Fellowships Don Reid Sogang University Scholarship Immerse yourself in Korean culture and history in a four-week
international summer program. Return with a deep cultural understanding of Korea's history, people, and culture. Learn
are doing on topics related to the Asia Pacific. Contest winners will have the opportunity to publish their work in our
America October 9, 2024 3:30PM - 4:45PM On-Campus Event - Berman Join us as we bridge the Pacific Meet Our Team We are
a small, but active and engaged center! Learn about our dedicated staff. Get to Know Us Explore Asia Pacific
Perspectives Read articles from our international, peer-reviewed academic journal that promotes cross-cultural
understanding. Read Our Journal Connect With Us Join our email list to receive email notifications of our upcoming
events. Sign Up Support the Center Help us bridge the Pacific with programs designed to promote cultural exchange and
Fellow on Philosophy and the Asia Pacific center for asia pacific studies Seoul Immersion: A Summer of Study and Growth
center for asia pacific studies A Joyful July: An Experience Studying Abroad in Seoul Visit our Blog Center for Asia
Pacific Studies Main Campus centerasiapacific@usfca.edu (415) 422-6357 Kalmanovitz Hall 2412130 Fulton StreetSan
Francisco, CA 94117 Find Us Online Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) X (link is external)
YouTube (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street
San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn
(link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF
News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus
University of San Francisco
Title: Career Planning & Preparation - Life at USF | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/life-at-usf/career-services-center 
 Career Planning & Preparation - Life at USF | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search
Term Search: Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link)
(Menu Link) Students Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit
Roots Agents for Change Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral
San Francisco's University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus
Downtown San Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President &
Leadership Board of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics
Learn to Create Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs
Dual Degree Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support
Undergraduate Research Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions
Advising Graduate & Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates
Executive Education The San Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of
Arts & Sciences School of Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries
Admission & Aid Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates &
Deadlines Meet Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources
International Graduate Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price
Calculator Types of Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty &
Student Research Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies
Center for Teaching Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for
Catholic Social Thought & the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good
Innovation Labs Star Route Farms Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City
The Campus Experience Arts & Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student
Activities Student Employment Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing
Dining on Campus Career Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events LIFE AT USF Career Planning &
Career in the World's Tech Hub Our students get hands-on experience with working experts in the San Francisco Bay Area
and Silicon Valley, home to the highest concentration of tech companies in the world. Explore Gaming and Tech Jobs Find
salary for USF undergraduates in the Class of 2022 91% of 2022 graduates secured post-grad plans 87,010 jobs and
internships posted during the 2021-22 academic year 77% of undergraduates land at least two internships during their
time at USF 2000 internships are posted at the Career Services Center each month Top 20 for Tech Salaries Wall Street
most exciting organizations with tailored on-campus events. Here's how we can help you launch your career: Previous
slide Next slide Career Fairs & Pop-Ups Connect with employers interested in hiring across all majors. We highlight
different industries with career pop-ups and career readiness workshops, with topics varying each semester. Career
Fairs Networking Events Talk to recruiters and alumni from some of the biggest and best employers in the San Francisco
Bay Area. Learn about different companies and industries, get advice, and make valuable professional connections.
Events Employer & Recruiter Class Visits Hold a one-on-one advice session with a recruiter who will share their
industry insights. Practice your interview skills, get your resumes critiqued, and ask anything about your
job/internship search. Request a Class Presentation Handshake You'll have access to the popular college recruiting
platform, Handshake. Upload your resume and search to apply for full-time jobs and internships. Handshake Connect with
Career Services Explore career opportunities, build professional skills, and connect with employers. Our Career
Services team is here to help. Career Services on MyUSF Alumni Resources Searching for your first job? We're here to
provide you with the tools necessary for professional success. What We Offer For Employers Why hire a USF student? Our
students and graduates are professional, prepared and passionate, a diverse body of students immersed in real world
learning, social justice, global perspective and entrepreneurial action. They are critical thinkers and exceptional
doers, trademarks encouraged by our award winning faculty and Jesuit tradition. The perfect candidate for your job
careerservices@usfca.edu (415) 422-6216 2130 Fulton StreetUniversity Center, 5th FloorSan Francisco, CA 94117 Hours
Mon-Fri, 9 a.m. - 5 p.m. Keep Exploring Academic Support Student Support The Undergraduate Experience Take the Next
Step Admission & Aid Financial Aid & Cost The Value of a USF Education Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo
2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is
external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us
Directory Careers at USF News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps &
Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Visit Give to USF myUSF Consumer Information Privacy Statement Web
Title: Graduate Professional Certificates | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/academics/graduate-professional/certificates 
 Graduate Professional Certificates | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term
Search: Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu
Link) Students Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots
Agents for Change Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San
Francisco's University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus
Downtown San Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President &
Leadership Board of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics
Learn to Create Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs
Dual Degree Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support
Undergraduate Research Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions
Advising Graduate & Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates
Executive Education The San Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of
Arts & Sciences School of Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries
Admission & Aid Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates &
Deadlines Meet Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources
International Graduate Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price
Calculator Types of Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty &
Student Research Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies
Center for Teaching Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for
Catholic Social Thought & the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good
Innovation Labs Star Route Farms Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City
The Campus Experience Arts & Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student
Activities Student Employment Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing
Dining on Campus Career Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events Professional Certificates
Home Academics Graduate & Professional Experience Professional Certificates We offer professional certificate programs
for both individual learners and partner organizations. If you want to augment your skills or pursue a new field, we
have a certificate program for you. Our professional and academic certificate programs make education available to
skills and knowledge in a concentrated fashion. For Individuals From leadership studies to data visualization, we offer
Our Partnership USF is located right at the center of industry and entrepreneurship, from tech to biopharmaceuticals
and startups to Fortune 500 companies. Over 70% of our participants are sponsored by their organizations which is a
Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us
Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube
(link is external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog
Bookstore Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Visit Give to USF myUSF Consumer
 url: https://catalog.usfca.edu/ 
browser. Please enable Javascript for full functionality. Skip to Content Apply Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Footer
menu Consumer Information Privacy Statement Web Accessibility University of San Francisco 2024-2025 Catalog Select a
Catalog 2024-2025 Catalog Draft 2025-2026 Catalog 2023-2024 Catalog [ARCHIVED CATALOG] 2022-2023 Catalog [ARCHIVED
CATALOG] 2021-2022 Catalog [ARCHIVED CATALOG] 2020-2021 Catalog [ARCHIVED CATALOG] 2019-2020 Catalog [ARCHIVED CATALOG]
2018-2019 Catalog [ARCHIVED CATALOG] 2017-2018 Catalog [ARCHIVED CATALOG] Sep 04, 2024 HELP 2024-2025 Catalog 2024-2025
Catalog About the Catalog The catalog presents the general and academic regulations, programs of study, entrance
requirements, and course offerings of the university. It is important to note that the catalog represents the inventory
of courses, not all of which are necessarily offered in any given semester. Additionally, the catalog provides
information about student life and services, and campus resources and facilities. It is a historical record used for
re-accreditation and institutional research purposes. As the de facto agreement between students and the university,
student is held responsible for knowledge of the regulations and information contained in the catalog, as well as for
changes promulgated by the university. The transferability of courses and units you earn at the University of San
Francisco is at the complete discretion of an institution to which you may seek to transfer. Undergraduate Discover
classes and curricula for over 65 majors and minors, each designed to meet the wants and needs of a diverse academic
community. Select a school or college on the right and start exploring your next semester. Graduate Imagine
doctoral, and credential programs. Select a school or college on the right and start planning your next semester. Back
to Top | Print-Friendly Page (opens a new window) Global Search Catalog Search Choose Search Location Select an option
Courses Programs Hierarchy Items Other Content Entire Catalog Search Keyword Field Whole Word/Phrase Advanced Search
Catalog Navigation Catalog Home USF HOME College of Arts and Sciences School of Education School of Law School of
Management School of Nursing and Health Professions Undergraduate & Graduate Academic Programs Honors College Core
Curriculum Foreign Language Requirement Course Descriptions Accreditation Academic Regulations Undergraduate Student
Regulations Graduate Student Regulations University Policies Sexual Misconduct Policy Resources and Services University
Title: Faculty & Student Research | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/faculty-research/faculty-student 
 Faculty & Student Research | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply
(Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students
Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change
Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's
University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San
Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board
of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create
Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree
Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research
Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate &
Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San
Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of
Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid
Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet
Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate
Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of
Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research
Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching
Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought
& the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms
Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts &
Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment
Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career
Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events FACULTY & RESEARCH Faculty & Student Research Home
Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research Pursue in-depth research at the highest level. Do real-world work in
small classes. Collaborate with faculty in ways not possible at other institutions. Research with Your Professors
Faculty mentor student research and creative activity across majors. Previous slide Next slide Students Help Professor
Support Maui Residents Professor Heidi Ho co-founded a non-profit providing legal support to Maui residents impacted by
Undergraduate Researchers Tackle Cancer At many universities, only graduate students do research. At USF, undergraduate
students do research, too. Meet three of them. Read the Story Student Launches AI Project that Makes Learning a
Language Easier He hopes to make the language tool available to USF students at no cost while he launches a startup to
develop the tool for customers. Read the story Astrophysics Professor and Undergraduates Unlock the Secrets of Outer
Space Xiaosheng Huang and his astrophysics students have a green light from NASA to explore the universe using the
newest space telescope in the galaxy. Read Xiaosheng's Story USF Group Delivers Peace Research Fourteen students,
grads, and faculty members from the School of Education traveled to Trinidad and Tobago to present workshops and
papers. Read the Story Undergrad Pursues Passion for Research and Community His goal: conduct research that listens to
and responds to people in their communities, leading to results that are more applicable to real life. Read Viet-Hung's
Story Student Addresses Opioid Use Disorder Sara Hamilton, a DNP MPH learner, is focusing some of her degree work on
addressing opioid use disorder. Read Sara's Story Funding & Results $1.5 million In undergraduate and graduate research
funds 1 in 5 Your chance of being treated by a USF-trained health professional if you are admitted to a Bay Area
hospital 74% Undergraduates received scholarships Explore Our Facilities Come dream, do, make, create, collaborate, ask
questions, and find solutions in our state-of-the-art facilities. Innovation Labs Share Your Work Collaborate with
faculty mentors on tackling disease, mental health, climate change, and more. Showcase your research in the College of
Arts & Sciences annual Creative Activity & Research Day. Keep Exploring Research Centers & Institutes Innovation Labs
Our Faculty Take the Next Step Admission & Aid Visit USF The Value of a USF Education Site Footer University of San
Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external)
Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect
Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus
Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Visit Give to USF myUSF Consumer Information Privacy
Title: Undergraduate Majors & Minors | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/academics/find-your-program/undergraduate 
 Undergraduate Majors & Minors | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search:
Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link)
Students Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents
for Change Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San
Francisco's University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus
Downtown San Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President &
Leadership Board of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics
Learn to Create Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs
Dual Degree Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support
Undergraduate Research Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions
Advising Graduate & Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates
Executive Education The San Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of
Arts & Sciences School of Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries
Admission & Aid Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates &
Deadlines Meet Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources
International Graduate Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price
Calculator Types of Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty &
Student Research Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies
Center for Teaching Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for
Catholic Social Thought & the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good
Innovation Labs Star Route Farms Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City
The Campus Experience Arts & Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student
Activities Student Employment Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing
Dining on Campus Career Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events ACADEMICS Undergraduate
Majors & Minors Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree Programs Professional Certificates Home
Academics Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors List of all Undergraduate Majors Know your major? Click
our big list above. Or explore your options below. Browse Full Listing I'm interested in I'm interested in Art & Design
Business Computers & Technology Cultural Studies Education Entertainment Humanities Law Leadership Marketing &
Communications Math & Analytics Medicine & Health Politics Public Policy Science Social Science I'm interested in Show
Options I'm interested in RELATED PROGRAMS I want to be a I want to be a Academic Advisor Account Executive Actor
Advertising Manager Anthropologist Archeologist Architect Archivist Athlete/Sport Administration Attorney/Lawyer
Auditor Author/Writer Biologist Biotechnology Brand & Product Management Business Business Consultant C-suite/Executive
Campaign Manager Chemist Choreographer City Planner Clinical Nurse Specialist Clinical Worker Coach Communications
Leadership Communications Professional Community Development Community Health Outreach Compliance Officer Computer
Scientist Computer Training Specialist Counselor/Therapist Creative Director Credit Analyst Curator Data Analyst Data
Scientist Dentist Diplomat Disability Specialist for Higher Ed Doctor Ecologist Economist Editor Education
Administration Engineer Entrepreneur/Founder Environmental Consultant Environmental Health Specialist Epidemiologist
Fashion Designer Filmmaker Financial Consultant Forensics Geneticist Government Official Graphic/Web Designer Health
Information Specialist Health Policy Analyst Historian Hospitality Manager Instructional Designer Interior Designer
Interpreter Intervention Specialist Journalist/Reporter Legal Program Associate Lobbyist Market Intelligence Expert
Marketing Leadership Marketing Professional Mathematician/Statistician Medical Researcher Musician NGO & Non-Profit
Nurse Nurse Midwife Nurse Practitioner Occupational Therapist Patent Prosecution Physical Therapist Physicist Policy
Analyst/Maker Political Consultant President Producer Professional Artist/Illustrator Project Manager Psychologist
Public Health Nurse Public Policy Advocate Public Relations Manager Researcher Risk Analyst Scientist Social
Worker/Case Manager Sociologist Software Developer Software Engineer Special Education Program Specialist Sponsorship
Management Sustainability Manager Teacher/Professor Theater Technician Translator Utility Analyst Youth Development
Worker I want to be a Show Options I want to be a RELATED PROGRAMS Search Search Filter Degree Degree Bachelor of Arts
Bachelor of Science Bachelor of Science in Business Administration Bachelor of Science in Nursing Filter Categories 4+1
Dual Degree Degree Completion Online Pre-Med STEM Interests Interests - Any -Art & DesignLeadershipBusinessCultural
StudiesEducationEntertainmentHumanitiesLawMarketing & CommunicationsMath & AnalyticsMedicine & HealthPoliticsPublic
PolicyScienceSocial ScienceComputers & Technology Career Goals Career Goals - Any -Academic AdvisorAccount
ExecutiveActorAdvertising ManagerAnthropologistArcheologistArchitectArchivistAthlete/Sport
AdministrationAttorney/LawyerAuditorAuthor/WriterBiologistBiotechnologyBrand & Product ManagementBusinessBusiness
ConsultantC-suite/ExecutiveCampaign ManagerChemistChoreographerCity PlannerClinical Nurse SpecialistClinical
WorkerCoachCommunications LeadershipCommunications ProfessionalCommunity DevelopmentCommunity Health OutreachCompliance
OfficerComputer ScientistComputer Training SpecialistCounselor/TherapistCreative DirectorCredit AnalystCuratorData
AnalystData ScientistDentistDiplomatDisability Specialist for Higher EdDoctorEcologistEconomistEditorEducation
AdministrationEngineerEntrepreneur/FounderEnvironmental ConsultantEnvironmental Health SpecialistEpidemiologistFashion
DesignerFilmmakerFinancial ConsultantForensicsGeneticistGovernment OfficialGraphic/Web DesignerHealth Information
SpecialistHealth Policy AnalystHistorianHospitality ManagerInstructional DesignerInterior
DesignerInterpreterIntervention SpecialistJournalist/ReporterLegal Program AssociateLobbyistMarket Intelligence
ExpertMarketing LeadershipMarketing ProfessionalMathematician/StatisticianMedical ResearcherMusicianNGO &
Non-ProfitNurseNurse MidwifeNurse PractitionerOccupational TherapistPatent ProsecutionPhysical TherapistPhysicistPolicy
Analyst/MakerPolitical ConsultantPresidentProducerProfessional Artist/IllustratorProject ManagerPsychologistPublic
Health NursePublic Policy AdvocatePublic Relations ManagerResearcherRisk AnalystScientistSocial Worker/Case
ManagerSociologistSoftware DeveloperSoftware EngineerSpecial Education Program SpecialistSponsorship
ManagementSustainability ManagerTeacher/ProfessorTheater TechnicianTranslatorUtility AnalystYouth Development Worker
Minor Create campaign strategies, media plans, performance analyses, and ads in every medium. Then go forth and
persuade the world. African American Studies, Minor Minor Explore Black American life through the study of history,
literature, politics, theology, and arts. Examine inequality & join our pursuit of equity and justice. African Studies,
Minor Minor Study the history and cultures of Africa and the African diaspora. This minor spans the humanities, social
sciences, and African & African American literature. Anthropology, Minor Minor Explore human behavior across cultures,
in the context of humanity as a whole. Applied Economics (4+1), BS/MS Major, Graduate Earn your BS and MS degrees in
five years. Architectural Engineering, Minor Minor Architecture, BA Major, Minor Architecture, community design, urban
Minor Minor Connect with the beauty of the past. Study the art and architecture of cultures around the world and
throughout time. Art History & Museum Studies, BA Major Blend history and theory with practical experience. Learn
visual literacy, critical thinking, and research skills that enable you to thrive in the art world. Asian Pacific
American Studies, Minor Minor Explore Asian Pacific American art, health, communication & politics. Learn the APA
study its histories, laws, economies, and governments, and also its philosophical, artistic, and intellectual
foundations. Astronomy, Minor Minor Astrophysics, Minor Minor Biochemistry, Minor Minor Biology, BS Major, Minor Join a
real-world research project led by a faculty member. Learn by doing. Get on the inside track for industry jobs or for
medical and PhD programs. Biotechnology (4+1), BS/PSM Major, Graduate Earn a BS in biology and a PSM degree in
biotechnology in five years. Combine molecular biology with the business and soft skills you need to succeed. Business,
Minor Minor Learn how business works. No matter what your career goals, knowing the foundations of business will give
you an edge. Business Analytics, BSBA Major, Minor Learn advanced analytical tools to solve business problems. Catholic
Studies, Minor Minor Study Catholicism and explore its role in academics, the arts, and sciences, plus its relation to
other religions. This minor complements any major. Chemical Physics, Minor Minor Chemistry, BS Major, Minor Explore the
chemical world in motion around us. Join real research projects led by faculty members. Chicanx & Latinx Studies, Minor
Minor Dive into the cultural, socioeconomic, and political issues affecting Chicanx and Latinx populations in the US.
Prepare for political action and justice work. Child & Youth Studies, Minor Minor Learn the physical, psychological,
spiritual, social, and cultural aspects of human development during the first 18 years of life. Chinese Studies, Minor
Minor Learn to speak, read, and write Chinese, just minutes from the largest Chinatown outside of Asia. Prepare for a
career in business, diplomacy, or hospitality. Classical Studies, Minor Minor Learn how we learned how to think. Use
ancient languages, history, politics, philosophy, and literature to develop your own ideas about how the world works.
Clinical Nurse Leader (4+1), BSN/MSN Major, Graduate Our Clinical Nurse Leader (4+1) is a dual degree program that
combines the BSN and the MSN into one program that saves you both time and tuition. Communication Studies, BA Major,
Minor Discover how words, images, gestures, and symbols reflect and affect human behavior. Prepare to make a difference
in a broad range of fields. Comparative Literature and Culture, Minor Minor Computer Science (4+1), BS/MS Major,
Graduate Computer Science, BS Major, Minor Gain hands-on experience in small lecture-lab classes led by experts in the
Explore the cultural causes of crime and violence. Discover why get-tough programs fail and discuss what might work
better. Critical Diversity Studies, BA Major Explore the social constructions of race, ethnicity, class, gender,
sexuality, citizenship, and religion. Dance, Minor Minor Data Science, BS Major In the heart of the city that invents
hands-on experience in graphic, digital media, information, and environmental design using the latest production
methods and digital technologies. Economics, BS Major, Minor Learn economics from every angle. Tackle real-world
problems ranging from poverty to gender inequality to environmental pollution. Education: Liberal Studies, BA Major
careers connected to education. Engineering, BS Major Work on team projects. Solve real-world problems. See the world
through a liberal arts lens and approach every challenge with an eye toward social justice. Engineering Physics, Minor
Minor Pagination Current page 1 Page 2 Page 3 Next page Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street
San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn
(link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF
News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus
University of San Francisco
Title: Graduate Research | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/academics/graduate-professional/research 
 Graduate Research | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply (Menu
Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students
Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change
Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's
University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San
Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board
of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create
Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree
Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research
Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate &
Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San
Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of
Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid
Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet
Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate
Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of
Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research
Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching
Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought
& the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms
Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts &
Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment
Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career
Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events Graduate Research Home Academics Graduate &
Professional Experience Graduate Research Come learn by doing. Create team projects and solo projects, too. At USF, we
graduate but right now. USF Team Researches Cancer Former student Merak Melikian passed away from gastrointestinal
stromal tumor (GIST), a rare form of cancer. Now, a professor and her students are helping to keep his memory alive by
working on research that may contribute to understanding GIST. GIST Research Story Our Facilities Lo Schiavo Science
for Science and Innovation The 57,000 square foot building features state-of-the-art, flexible laboratories,
sophisticated digital studios, advanced instrument rooms and a sun-soaked public atrium and plaza. View on the Campus
Map Clinical Skills Lab The Clinical Skills Lab lets nursing students practice their skills before the clinical
setting, and the Simulation Center features state-of-the-art mannequins for immersive learning experiences. Simulation
Center & Clinical Skills Lab Moot Court USF's Moot Court Program helps you build the advocacy and leadership skills
required of today's legal professionals. Moot Court Research at Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of
Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing and Health Professions Keep Exploring Find Your Program
Innovation Labs Our Locations Take the Next Step Admission & Aid Visit USF The Value of a USF Education Site Footer
University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link
is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is
external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore
Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Visit Give to USF myUSF Consumer Information
Title: Be an Agent for Change | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/who-we-are/agents-change 
 Be an Agent for Change | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply
(Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students
Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change
Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's
University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San
Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board
of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create
Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree
Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research
Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate &
Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San
Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of
Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid
Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet
Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate
Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of
Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research
Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching
Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought
& the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms
Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts &
Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment
Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career
Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events WHO WE ARE Be an Agent for Change Home Who We Are
common good. Whatever your major, at USF you earn a degree in Jesuit values and in Jesuit action: You change the world
for the better. Embrace Diversity Come to USF and contribute to our rich and vibrant community. U.S. News & World
Report ranks USF No. 1 in the nation for diversity. Every undergraduate at USF studies cultural diversity as a required
core class. Stand For Diversity Create Community Come make friends, join our community, live and learn with different
people from different places. Explore the World Work for Social Justice At USF, social justice isn't a fad. Social
justice is built into every major, every class, and every club. Justice has been a Jesuit way of thinking, teaching,
and life for more than 400 years. Learn how we work Take Action AT USF you may join the Community Empowerment Activists
program, a year-long internship class in which you engage with the local community and learn to be an activist. Learn
More Act grateful. Be grateful. Repeat. Remote video URL Go Forth Equipped to Lead and Succeed Student Wins National
Fellowship for Community Service Alumni USF Entrepreneur Reconceptualizes Housing For Transition-Aged Foster Youth
Global Perspective Law Students Work with Refugees in Kenya Change the World Through Better Business Come learn to
create change through entrepreneurship and innovation. Create New Solutions Tiffany Cannon '19 Master of Public Health
passion for the Earth and my desire to help others. Through the MPH Policy and Leadership program, USF gave me the
freedom to find my niche in the intersection where climate change, health, and emergency management meet." Tiffany
Cannon '19 Master of Public Health Think Beyond Carbon Neutral Come help make our campus carbon positive. Save the
Earth Every Day is Earth Day Fight climate change and help clean the planet. USF Achieves Carbon Zero More Changemaking
Seek Surf Justice Practice Capitalism With a Conscience Free a Wrongfully Convicted Man Join Us Request Info Visit USF
Connect With Us Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA
94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external)
Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media
Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title
of San Francisco
Title: Our Location | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/who-we-are/our-location 
 Our Location | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply (Menu Link)
(Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students Parents
Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change
Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's
University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San
Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board
of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create
Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree
Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research
Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate &
Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San
Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of
Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid
Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet
Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate
Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of
Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research
Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching
Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought
& the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms
Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts &
Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment
Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career
Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events Our Location Home Who We Are Our Location Our hilltop
campus is home to five schools and a vibrant community of students inspired to change the world from here. Where We Are
Directions Get directions on how to visit our San Francisco Main Campus Get Directions Campus Map Find your way around
and get familiar with our surroundings. Use the interactive map Additional Campuses We offer undergraduate and graduate
programs beyond the Hilltop. Learn more about our other locations throughout California. Additional Campuses The
Hilltop and Beyond Explore Our Locations Close close San Francisco Hilltop Campus The main campus of USF, "the Hilltop"
is located in the geographic center of San Francisco, giving you easy access to everything the city has to offer. More
info Close close Downtown San Francisco Study just steps from many of the world's most innovative and influential
companies and organizations. Management, law, graduate arts and sciences, Data Institute. Learn More Close close Orange
County Campus Catch the San Francisco spirit in Orange County. Master's programs in nursing, public health, and sport
management, with insider connections and inside access to the sport industry all over the state. Visit the Site Close
close Sacramento Campus Get the USF Jesuit education in downtown Sacramento. Nursing. Teaching. Public health.
Counseling. Visit the site Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA
94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external)
Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media
Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title
of San Francisco
Title: Undergraduate Research | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/academics/undergraduate-experience/undergraduate-research 
 Undergraduate Research | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply
(Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students
Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change
Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's
University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San
Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board
of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create
Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree
Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research
Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate &
Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San
Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of
Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid
Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet
Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate
Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of
Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research
Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching
Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought
& the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms
Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts &
Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment
Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career
Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events Undergraduate Research Home Academics The
Undergraduate Experience Undergraduate Research At USF, professors learn from you. Join them on research projects and
connect with people making a difference. Research is in the Curriculum Giving A New Horizon for the Health & Life
Sciences Giving Synergy in Science: Diez Cancer Biology Lab Integrates Student Research Research Undergraduate
Researchers Tackle Cancer Research Centers & Institutes Our centers and institutes foster innovative,
interdisciplinary, and socially conscious study around San Francisco and the world. Centers & Institutes Star Route
Farms Star Route Farms provides you an opportunity to escape the urban landscape and participate in innovative learning
experiences through courses, research, retreats, and workshops. Star Route Farms Brandon Brown Professor At some
Brandon Brown Professor Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA
94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external)
Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media
Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title
of San Francisco
Title: Meet Your Admission Team - Undergraduate Admission | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/admission/undergraduate/admission-team 
 Meet Your Admission Team - Undergraduate Admission | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a
Search Term Search: Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu
Link) (Menu Link) Students Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our
Jesuit Roots Agents for Change Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon
Neutral San Francisco's University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main
Campus Downtown San Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates
President & Leadership Board of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News
Academics Learn to Create Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate
Programs Dual Degree Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support
Undergraduate Research Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions
Advising Graduate & Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates
Executive Education The San Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of
Arts & Sciences School of Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries
Admission & Aid Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates &
Deadlines Meet Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources
International Graduate Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price
Calculator Types of Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty &
Student Research Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies
Center for Teaching Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for
Catholic Social Thought & the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good
Innovation Labs Star Route Farms Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City
The Campus Experience Arts & Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student
Activities Student Employment Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing
Dining on Campus Career Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events UNDERGRADUATE ADMISSION Meet
Your Admission Team Home Admission & Aid Undergraduate Admission Meet Your Admission Team We're here to help From
questions. Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students First-Year Students What We Look For AP / IB / College Credit
Test Optional ED / EA / RD First-Year Class Profile First-Year Nursing Admission Transfer Students Transfer Students
Transfer Credit Transferable Course Agreements Nursing Transfer Requirements Engineering Transfer Requirements
International Students International Students International First-Year Students International Transfer Students English
Language Proficiency International Cost of Attendance Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet Your Admission Team Meet Your
Admission Team Admission Counselors Student Ambassadors Admission Events Admission Events Event Recordings REQUEST INFO
HOW TO APPLY Visit USF REQUEST APPLY Visit Admission Counselors Did you know you have a personal USF admission
counselor? Your counselor is here to support you through every step of the application process. Meet my Counselor Talk
to a Student Get connected with a current USF student via email or text and ask any questions you have about academics,
in your city, so you can meet our admission team and learn what exciting opportunities await you at USF. See our travel
schedule Office of Undergraduate Admission Main Campus admission@usfca.edu (415) 422-6563 Lone Mountain Main 2512800
Turk Blvd.San Francisco, CA 94118 Hours Monday - Friday: 8:30 a.m. - 5 p.m. Fax (415) 422-2217 Site Footer University
of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external)
Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect
Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus
Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Visit Give to USF myUSF Consumer Information Privacy
Title: Create New Solutions | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/who-we-are/agents-change/creating-new-solutions 
 Create New Solutions | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply (Menu
Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students
Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change
Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's
University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San
Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board
of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create
Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree
Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research
Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate &
Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San
Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of
Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid
Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet
Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate
Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of
Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research
Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching
Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought
& the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms
Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts &
Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment
Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career
Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events AGENTS FOR CHANGE Create New Solutions Home Who We
Are Agents for Change Creating New Solutions Like the city that surrounds it, USF encourages you to innovate in every
endeavor. Come do research in our laboratories. Create in our classrooms. Build in our Innovation Hive. Apply for a
afraid to dream, to try, to make mistakes, to try again. Come Build From Here The new Innovation Hive in Harney Science
Center gives you tools, materials, and space in which to play, dream, and build things that serve the common good.
Learn About the Hive Think Big in the Innovation Hive Do real projects for the real world. Read the Story Come Innovate
From Here Come join a community of entrepreneurs and innovators. USF offers a major, minor, and master's program on
entrepreneurship and innovation. It's also a concentration track in our MBA degree. Explore the BA Program Master's
of your life. Previous slide Next slide Undergraduate Researchers Tackle Cancer At many universities, only graduate
students do research. At USF, undergraduate students do research, too. Student Researchers Clean the Air in India
Launch a line of electric motorcycles, offer a discount to buyers who plant trees. Mohanraj's Story Change the World
With Research Share your work at a campus showcase. Act Locally Find Hope in a Frog Pond Restore endangered amphibians
to their native habitat. Allison's Story Launch a For-Profit Business That Serves Nonprofits Sell food. Support
farmers. Feed children. Repeat. Ritvik's Story Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San
Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link
is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News &
Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety
University of San Francisco
Title: The Graduate Experience | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/academics/graduate-professional/experience 
 The Graduate Experience | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply
(Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students
Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change
Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's
University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San
Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board
of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create
Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree
Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research
Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate &
Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San
Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of
Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid
Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet
Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate
Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of
Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research
Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching
Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought
& the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms
Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts &
Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment
Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career
Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events The Graduate Experience Home Academics Graduate &
Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Join a community of colleagues, not competitors. Form personal and
professional relationships that last a lifetime. What were your favorite experiences? Relationship With Faculty
"Professors offering to shepherd me through the PhD application process to be a successful PhD candidate." Terrell
Holmes '18 Organizational Development, MS Guest Speakers "Through one of these presentations, I was able to make a
connection that landed me an internship, which catapulted my career." Joe Schloner '19 Professional Communication, MA
Bonding With My Cohort "Despite the intense work, everyone developed deep working and personal relationships." Alex
Howard '18 Data Science, MS Find Your Program Master's Programs Doctoral Programs Juris Doctor Programs Get Involved
Turn ideas into action. Join associations, clubs, and organizations to inspire your heart and ignite your passion.
Graduate Student Organizations Find Housing If you plan to move to San Francisco, you can choose to live on-campus or
off-campus. You may consider living on-campus in Loyola Village. On-campus housing is limited and priority is given to
listings for apartments and roommates, resources for tenants' rights, and other helpful strategies for living in San
Francisco. Apply for Housing Off-Campus Housing Keep Exploring Find Your Program Graduate Research Our Locations Take
the Next Step Admission & Aid Visit USF The Value of a USF Education Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130
Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is
external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us
Directory Careers at USF News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps &
Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Visit Give to USF myUSF Consumer Information Privacy Statement Web
Title: Reinvent Education | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/who-we-are/reinventing-education 
 Reinvent Education | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply (Menu
Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students
Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change
Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's
University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San
Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board
of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create
Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree
Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research
Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate &
Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San
Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of
Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid
Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet
Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate
Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of
Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research
Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching
Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought
& the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms
Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts &
Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment
Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career
Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events Reinvent Education Home Who We Are Reinventing
Education Come write a poem for an engineering project. Come teach your history class what you're learning in
psychology class. Come to USF and help us reinvent education. Embrace the Core Curriculum At USF, the core curriculum
isn't a chore. It's a journey of discovery. Come love subjects that you never even considered. Tackle questions that
have never been answered. Challenge your assumptions, stretch your boundaries, explore new passions. Explore the Core
Serve the Common Good At USF, we don't only prepare you to succeed in your careers. We equip and inspire you to succeed
in life. Our Jesuit Roots Our Mission & Values Why USF? Learn more about what makes USF unique. Who We Are Change the
World From Here Global Perspective In Overseas Immersion, Management Students Learn Consulting on the Fly Equipped to
Lead and Succeed TikTok to Entrepreneur, MBA Student Markets the Hottest SF Apartments Alumni USF Grad Creates Oakland
Nonprofit to Empower Women Keep Exploring Be an Agent for Change Connect With San Francisco Value of a USF Education
Take the Next Step Request Information Visit USF Connect With Us Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130
Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is
external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us
Directory Careers at USF News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps &
Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Visit Give to USF myUSF Consumer Information Privacy Statement Web
Title: USF News | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/newsroom 
 USF News | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply (Menu Link) (Menu
Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students Parents Faculty &
Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change Standing For
Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's University Our
History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San Francisco Orange
County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board of Trustees
Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create Impact
Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree Programs
Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research Study
Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate & Professional
Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San Francisco
Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of Education
School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid Undergraduate
Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet Your Admission
Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate Financial Aid
& Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of Aid Visit USF
Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research Research Centers &
Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching Excellence CRASE
Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought & the Ignatian
Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms Our Faculty
Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts & Culture
Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment Student
Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career Planning &
new executive order denies asylum claims to most migrants crossing the border unlawfully NPR More Bay Area High Schools
to Offer AP African American Studies This Fall San Francisco Public Press Ask An Expert: The chronology of Juneteenth &
its modern recognition KCBS-AM More USF News Filter Filter Filter By Category By Category Diversity San Francisco
Advantage Research Passion for Justice Engaged Learning Campus Life Equipped to Lead and Succeed Faculty & Staff
Achievements Global Perspective Alumni Giving Athletics By Topic By Topic - Any -About USFAdvertisingAfrican American
StudiesAlumniAnti-racismArrupe ImmersionArt + ArchitectureArt History/Arts ManagementArts & Sciences-Arts & Sciences
GivingAsian StudiesAthleticsAwardsBASE/Marshall-Riley Living-Learning CommunityBiologyBiotechnologyBusiness
AdministrationCampus LifeCampus SafetyCareer ServicesCatholic StudiesCenter for Asia Pacific StudiesChange the World
from HereChemistryChina Business Studies InitiativeChinese StudiesCommencementCommunication StudiesComputer
ScienceComputer Science BSComputer Science MSCriminal JusticeCritical Diversity StudiesCultural AnthropologyDanceData
InstituteData Science MSDesignDiversityDoctor of Nursing Practice DNPDual Degree in Teacher
PreparationEconomicsEdDEnergy Systems Management MSEngaged
LearningEngineeringEnglishEntrepreneurshipEnvironmentEquipped to Lead and SucceedExecutive MBAExternshipFacultyFaculty
In the MediaFinanceFinancial Analysis MSFine ArtsFrench StudiesGender and Sexuality StudiesGivingGlobal
PerspectiveHealth InformaticsHistoryHomeHonors CollegeHospitality ManagementInformation Systems MSInstitute for
Nonviolence and Social JusticeInternational & Multicultural EducationInternational BusinessInternational
StudentsInternational Studies BAInternational Studies MAJapanese StudiesJesuitJewish Studies and Social
JusticeKinesiologyLatin American studiesLaw-Law HomeLeadershipManagement AlumniManagement EntrepreneursManagement
Student LifeMarketingMarriage & Family TherapyMathematicsMBAMcCarthyMedia StudiesMFA in WritingMigration StudiesModern
and Classical LanguagesMuseum StudiesMusicNewsroomNonprofit Administration MNANursingNursing MSOrange
CampusOrganization Development MSPeace and Justice StudiesPeople for OthersPerforming ArtsPhilippine
StudiesPhilosophyPhysicsPleasanton CampusPoliticsPresident/ProvostPress ReleaseProfile Faculty/StaffProfile Graduate
AlumniProfile StudentProfile Undergraduate AlumniPsychologyPublic Administration MPAPublic
HealthRankingResearchRhetoric & LanguageSacramento CampusSan Francisco AdvantageSan Jose CampusSanta Rosa CampusSchool
of EducationSchool of Education Community EngagementSchool of Education ResearchSchool of ManagementSchool of Nursing
and Health ProfessionsServiceSilicon ValleySocial JusticeSociologySportSport Management MSSport Management MS
ScholarshipsStudy AbroadSustainabilityTeachingTechnologyThacher GalleryTheology & Religious StudiesUniversity
as a key player in San Francisco's cultural resurgence. August 28, 2024 Campus Life New Princeton Review Rates USF as
States. August 27, 2024 Campus Life Trevor Noah Breaks Records at Silk Speaker Series Former host of The Daily Show,
Trevor Noah fosters togetherness at the sold-out Silk Speaker Series crowd at USF during the first week of the school
year. August 23, 2024 Faculty & Staff Achievements Meet The New Associate Dean for Faculty Scholarship Hing wants to
prioritize working with newer members of the faculty. August 23, 2024 Campus Life Meet Fall 2024's New Students The
incoming class of 2028 and new transfer students to USF this fall come from near and far to change the world from here.
tacos, jiu jitsu, and the importance of following your interests. August 21, 2024 Giving A New Horizon for the Health &
Life Sciences In 2022, USF acquired the space formerly known as the Blood Centers of the Pacific. The building occupies
a highly visible corner of campus, at the intersection of Masonic Avenue and Turk Boulevard. August 16, 2024 Equipped
determination, and Florence Nightingale shaped her nursing journey. August 15, 2024 Campus Life How to Make the Most of
sometimes be a challenge," said Lamonte R. Stamps, assistant dean for new student and family programs. "These tips can
help students have a good year and set them up for a wonderful time at USF." August 15, 2024 Global Perspective What
Publications USF Magazine More from Marketing Communications Media Relations Site Footer University of San Francisco
Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link
is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us
Directory Careers at USF News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps &
Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Visit Give to USF myUSF Consumer Information Privacy Statement Web
Title: USF Group Delivers Peace Research to a Global Audience | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/news/peace-research-global-audience 
 USF Group Delivers Peace Research to a Global Audience | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter
a Search Term Search: Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu
Link) (Menu Link) Students Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our
Jesuit Roots Agents for Change Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon
Neutral San Francisco's University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main
Campus Downtown San Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates
President & Leadership Board of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News
Academics Learn to Create Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate
Programs Dual Degree Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support
Undergraduate Research Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions
Advising Graduate & Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates
Executive Education The San Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of
Arts & Sciences School of Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries
Admission & Aid Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates &
Deadlines Meet Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources
International Graduate Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price
Calculator Types of Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty &
Student Research Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies
Center for Teaching Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for
Catholic Social Thought & the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good
Innovation Labs Star Route Farms Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City
The Campus Experience Arts & Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student
Activities Student Employment Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing
Dining on Campus Career Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events Global Perspective USF Group
Delivers Peace Research to a Global Audience by Mary McInerney, USF News June 29, 2023 Fourteen students, grads, and
faculty members from the School of Education traveled to Trinidad and Tobago last month in the name of peace. This is
the first time USF has sent students to the International Peace Research Association conference, which has been held
called Youth Leadership for Justice and Peace Plenary, made up of young people from Guyana, Ghana, and the United
our education systems and the job market, the role social media has played in youth engagement globally, the importance
building community and support networks with one another, spending three meals a day as a collective, showing up to
professor of international and multicultural education at USF. She pointed out that many of the students began their
programs online during the pandemic. The group enjoyed exploring the community, too, learning the history of steel pan
Perspective Students Go Forth and Explore Global Perspective SONHP Students Take Their Case to Capitol Hill Passion for
Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us
Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube
(link is external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog
Bookstore Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Visit Give to USF myUSF Consumer
Title: Astrophysics Professor and Undergraduates Unlock the Secrets of Outer Space | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/news/research-roman-telescope 
 Astrophysics Professor and Undergraduates Unlock the Secrets of Outer Space | University of San Francisco Skip to
Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics
Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education
Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New
Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our
Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License
Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the
President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs
Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate
Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement
Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate & Professional Experience The Graduate Experience
Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic
Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of Education School of Law School of Management School
of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students
International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate
Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial
Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF
Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art &
Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social
Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought & the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for
Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism
& Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts & Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness
Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop
Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News
Events Research Astrophysics Professor and Undergraduates Unlock the Secrets of Outer Space by Annie Breen, USF News
December 7, 2023 The Nancy Grace Roman Space Telescope's element assembly wheel. Photo by NASA Xiaosheng Huang and his
astrophysics students have a green light from NASA to explore the universe using the newest space telescope in the
galaxy. The USF research group earlier this year received a grant from NASA and the Space Telescope Science Institute
(STScI) to create algorithms to help NASA and STScI find gravitationally lensed supernovae using the Nancy Grace Roman
students were granted access by NASA and STScI to the Hubble Space Telescope, which they used to study gravitational
lenses in outer space. The project examined millions of images taken by ground-based telescopes and found hundreds of
gravitational lenses, which occur when two galaxies align, enabling observers to gain a deeper glimpse into the
universe. These gravitational lenses were then observed by Hubble to better understand dark matter. Roman is about the
NASA and the STScl so that they may program them into Roman. The hope is that by finding and analyzing lensed
supernovae, the researchers will also find previously unknown properties of the universe, its rate of expansion, and
the manner in which it has evolved over billions of years. By determining the rate at which the universe is expanding,
extended and expanded to a possible total length of five years, all the way to launch date and beyond, so that our
Magazine This USF News story was published in USF Magazine, where you can find feature stories about university life,
alumni Class Notes, and information about events at USF. VISIT USF MAGAZINE Dons Gain Insider Access to Outer Space To
Infinity and Beyond USF Graduate Debuts Documentary at Green Film Festival of San Francisco Share Copy Facebook Twitter
LinkedIn Email more news Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA
94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external)
Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media
Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title
of San Francisco
Title: Black Achievement Success and Engagement | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/academics/undergraduate-experience/black-achievement-success-engagement 
 Black Achievement Success and Engagement | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term
Search: Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu
Link) Students Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots
Agents for Change Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San
Francisco's University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus
Downtown San Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President &
Leadership Board of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics
Learn to Create Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs
Dual Degree Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support
Undergraduate Research Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions
Advising Graduate & Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates
Executive Education The San Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of
Arts & Sciences School of Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries
Admission & Aid Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates &
Deadlines Meet Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources
International Graduate Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price
Calculator Types of Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty &
Student Research Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies
Center for Teaching Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for
Catholic Social Thought & the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good
Innovation Labs Star Route Farms Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City
The Campus Experience Arts & Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student
Activities Student Employment Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing
Dining on Campus Career Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events Black Achievement Success and
Engagement Home Academics The Undergraduate Experience Black Achievement Success and Engagement The Black Achievement
Success and Engagement (BASE) initiative provides a foundation for students to grow, learn, discover, and thrive. Black
Achievement Success and Engagement Black Scholars Program Black Scholars Program Scholars Experience How to Apply
Frequently Asked Questions Black Resource Center Marshall-Riley Living-Learning Community About BASE Staff Our Impact
Our Impact Give Today By offering high-impact academic and extracurricular programs that center on the unique and yet
varied experiences of students of African descent, BASE equips students with the knowledge, resources, skills, and
support necessary to turn their dreams into reality. Unlock Your Potential At USF, gain access to resources, support,
and opportunities designed for your success. Join a community of faculty and classmates who see you, hear you,
challenge you, and encourage your growth. Previous slide Next slide Black Scholars Program The Black Scholars Program
is a rigorous and competitive academic program, grounded in Jesuit values, that seeks to provide high-achieving Black
students with the resources, skills, and support necessary to achieve personal and professional excellence. Learn More
Black Resource Center The Black Resource Center provides a safe, supportive space for undergraduate and graduate
students of African descent to connect with each other to receive academic, spiritual, mentoring, and emotional support
services. Visit the Center Marshall-Riley Living-Learning Community The Marshall-Riley Living-Learning Community offers
a fun and engaging learning environment for freshmen and sophomores interested in the historical, intellectual, and
political traditions of Black Americans. Discover the Community Meet the Team At USF, you'll find the support you need
to succeed. BASE consists of dedicated faculty and staff ready to answer your questions. Take a leap and discover more.
BASE Leadership USF's mission calls us to identify ways to alleviate the marginalization and isolation experienced by
Black students and ensure their academic and co-curricular success. The Black Achievement Success and Engagement
Network at Black Engineers Conference Diversity USF Celebrates Black History Month 2024 Engaged Learning Inaugural
Black Scholars Know They're Not the Last Black Achievement Success and Engagement (BASE) Main Campus base@usfca.edu
(415) 422-2503 University Center 3052130 Fulton StreetSan Francisco, CA 94117 Meet the Staff Connect With Us Instagram
(link is external) X (link is external) Facebook (link is external) Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130
Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is
external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us
Directory Careers at USF News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps &
Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Visit Give to USF myUSF Consumer Information Privacy Statement Web
Title: School of Law | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/law 
 School of Law | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Visit usfca.edu
Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) JD LLM & Grad Tax Visit Law Library Giving Alumni & Friends Our Difference Our Campus Our
Mission & History Our People Faculty & Impact Leadership Quick Facts Consumer Information (ABA Required Disclosures)
Directory San Francisco Advantage Our Programs JD Program Full-Time Part-Time Dual Degree Programs Certificates LLM &
Graduate Tax Programs Intellectual Property & Technology Law, LLM International Transactions & Comparative Law, LLM
Master of Legal Studies in Taxation, MLST Taxation, LLM Academic Services Areas of Study Alternative Dispute Resolution
Animal Law Constitutional Law Corporate & Commercial Law Criminal Law & Procedure Discrimination Law Environmental &
Energy Law Estate Planning & Family Law Immigration Law Intellectual Property, Technology, & Entrepreneurship Law
International & Comparative Law Labor & Employment Law Litigation & Trial Advocacy Public Interest & Social Justice
Sports, Entertainment, & the Arts Taxation Law School Life & Careers Career Services Find Your Path Market Yourself Get
Hands-On Experience Build Your Network Hire USF Law Career Services Team Health & Wellness Housing at St. Anne's
Organizations & Associations Public Service & Social Justice Centers & Programs Center for Contemplative Law & Ethics
Center for Law, Tech, and Social Good The McAuliffe Honor Society Work Law & Justice Program Events Publications School
of Law News Engaged Learning Externships Intensive Advocacy Program Keta Taylor Colby Death Penalty Project Law Clinics
Legal Research, Writing & Analysis Moot Court First Year Program Advanced Moot Court Advocacy Competition Teams
Volunteer Registration Student-Run Academic Journals Admissions & Aid JD Admissions JD Application Requirements
Admissions Policy Class Profile FAQ Honors Leadership Program Admissions Events Admitted Students LLM & Graduate Tax
Admissions LLM in Intellectual Property & Technology Law Applicants LLM in International Transactions & Comparative Law
Applicants LLM in Taxation Applicants Master of Legal Studies in Taxation Applicants Tuition & Financial Aid Tuition &
Financial Aid for JD Tuition & Financial Aid for LLM & Grad Tax Law Student Veterans Plan a Visit Detailed Driving
Directions Public Transportation Directions School of Law USF_arrow_icon_wht Make Justice Your Mission From Here
ready to meet the legal needs of your clients today and our society tomorrow. Our Difference Find Your Program JD
Programs Choose from four degrees to expand your expertise and qualifications. LLM & Graduate Tax Programs Remote video
Hit the Ground Running Explore School Life Meet Our Faculty Learn Our Difference Explore Admission & Aid Hit the Ground
Running Explore School Life Meet Our Faculty Learn Our Difference USF Law exists to make the world more fair and more
just for more people. Our Difference Explore Admission & Aid Learn about our programs and investigate your options for
financial aid. Admission & Aid Hit the Ground Running Come to USF and acquire the knowledge and skills that employers
competitor. In the classroom, in clinics, and in the community, form personal and professional relationships that last
a lifetime. School Life & Careers Meet Our Faculty Our professors bring knowledge, experience, and compassion to every
class. Faculty & Impact By the Numbers A- USF School of Law's grade for its offering in criminal law, international
law, and family law 7.4:1 Student:Faculty ratio 330 Approximate number of alumni judges 72% Alumni living in California
16,367 Hours of hands-on legal service provided to clients by students in six USF law clinics in 2022-2023 #3 Ranked
third for law school with greatest resources for minority students by The Princeton Review 135 Hours each student
typically spends practicing courtroom skills over two weeks during the intensive advocacy program 20,295 Student hours
law, intellectual property, and technology law 3rd Ranked 3rd best JD tax program and 8th best LLM tax program by Tax
Talent #8 Best law school for Latinx students, according to preLaw magazine #7 Best law school for Asian students,
14 West Coast Consortium (WCC) San Francisco Law Fair September 14, 2024 10:00AM - 2:00PM University of California Law
San Francisco (formerly Hastings) September 14 Law School Reunion - Saturday September 14, 2024 6:00PM - 9:00PM
Kendrick Hall Rotunda-2nd Floor September 15 Law School Reunion - Sunday September 15, 2024 11:00AM - 1:00PM Zief Law
Library 201 -Terrace Room More Events Latest News August 23, 2024 Meet The New Associate Dean for Faculty Scholarship
Consumer Information (ABA Required Disclosures) Connect With Us Facebook (link is external) X (link is external)
LinkedIn (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Instagram (link is external) Site Footer 2130 Fulton Street San
Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-6307 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link
is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Careers at USF Contact Us Directory News &
Media Academics Academic Calendar Bookstore Course Catalog Library Apply Give to USF Visit myUSF Consumer Information
Title: Giving | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/giving 
 Giving | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply (Menu Link) (Menu
Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students Parents Faculty &
Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change Standing For
Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's University Our
History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San Francisco Orange
County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board of Trustees
Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create Impact
Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree Programs
Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research Study
Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate & Professional
Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San Francisco
Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of Education
School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid Undergraduate
Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet Your Admission
Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate Financial Aid
& Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of Aid Visit USF
Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research Research Centers &
Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching Excellence CRASE
Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought & the Ignatian
Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms Our Faculty
Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts & Culture
Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment Student
Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career Planning &
Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events MAKE A REAL DIFFERENCE FOR STUDENTS WHO SEEK TO CHANGE THE WORLD
Giving Home Giving Thanks to you, our students are gaining the knowledge, skills, and values to create a more humane,
just, and sustainable world. Giving How to Give Contact Us Your Impact Your Impact Giving Societies Women in Leadership
& Philanthropy What to Support What to Support Scholarships The USF Fund Gift Planning Matching Gifts Day of the Dons
Support USF Support USF Give to Scholarships You can change the world, one scholarship at a time. One student at a
time. Scholarships Support the USF Fund Giving to the USF Fund immediately impacts the lives of students, faculty, and
staff at the University of San Francisco. USF Fund Women in Leadership & Philanthropy Women in Leadership &
Philanthropy sees that raising and valuing women's voices is not only the right thing to do, but it's also the smart
thing to do. WILP Contact Us Have a question? We are here to help. Contact Us Your Impact Thank you for your part in
transforming the lives of USF students. Your Impact What to Support Your investment in the University of San Francisco
is a demonstration of your commitment to the common good. What to Support Gift Planning Giving to the USF Fund
immediately impacts the lives of students, faculty, and staff at the University of San Francisco. Gift planning Our
Stories August 23, 2024 Trevor Noah Breaks Records at Silk Speaker Series August 14, 2024 Synergy in Science: Diez
Are Be an Agent for Change Athletics Take the Next Step How to Give Contact Us Visit USF Office of Development Main
Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is
external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media Academics Academic
Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Visit Give
Title: Sacramento Campus | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/sacramento 
 Sacramento Campus | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply (Menu
Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students
Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change
Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's
University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San
Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board
of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create
Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree
Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research
Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate &
Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San
Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of
Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid
Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet
Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate
Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of
Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research
Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching
Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought
& the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms
Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts &
Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment
Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career
Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events Sacramento Campus Home Our Difference Locations
Sacramento At USF's Sacramento Campus, located downtown near the State Capitol, our academically rigorous programs are
justice in your profession and your community. Sacramento Programs Programs Marriage & Family Therapy Nursing Teaching
Credential with MA Student Services Facilities Directions Choose a Program Bachelor of Science in Nursing (VA
Partnership) MA in Counseling Psychology, concentration in Marriage and Family Therapy Teaching Credential with Master
of Arts in Teaching Take the Next Step Discuss your academic and professional goals today. REQUEST INFO - UNDERGRADUATE
Bachelor of Science in Nursing cohort Sacramento Campus students participating in Spirit Walk School of Education Dean
Visit Read the Blog sacramento MAT Student Spotlight: Julia Rose sacramento MAT Alumni Spotlight: Andrew Walton
920-0157 1 Capitol MallSuite 100Sacramento, CA 95814 Hours 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. Connect With Us X (link is external)
LinkedIn (link is external) Facebook (link is external) Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street
San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn
(link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF
News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus
University of San Francisco
Title: Connect With San Francisco | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/academics/san-francisco-connection 
 Connect With San Francisco | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply
(Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students
Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change
Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's
University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San
Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board
of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create
Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree
Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research
Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate &
Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San
Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of
Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid
Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet
Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate
Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of
Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research
Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching
Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought
& the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms
Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts &
Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment
Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career
Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events ACADEMICS Connect With San Francisco Home Academics
The San Francisco Connection The city of San Francisco isn't just a backdrop to our campus; it's a part of our campus.
Come connect with the city. Soak up its energy. Celebrate its diversity. Work with neighbors on community-service
projects. Explore internships and jobs and thousands of things to learn and to do and to love. Come change the world
from here. Make the City Your Classroom Come to USF and take community-engaged learning classes. These classes put you
to work at local nonprofits and other organizations. They enable you to change the world not just after you graduate
housing for immigrants in need. Read the Story Secure an Internship Come to USF and land an internship (aim for three
care, education, the arts, hospitality, social services... Explore Internships Gain Real-World Skills Meet the USF
nonprofit that serves unhoused people in San Francisco Support Your Neighbors When people receive a backpack, they
that serves unhoused people in San Francisco Read Zac's Story Serve the City Volunteer in the community. Take
service-learning courses. Take seminars on the cultures of San Francisco. Learn in the city. Learn from the city.
Previous slide Next slide Engage With the City Support children, young people, and families in the Western Addition
neighborhood. Improve literacy, address health disparities, and build relationships, all while learning San Francisco's
history. Engage SF Meet the City Get to know the city in a first-year seminar. Courses are designed and taught by
faculty with a special passion for the topic, and most include excursions into the city. First-Year Seminars Serve the
Community Dive deep into a social issue. For one academic year, collaborate with Bay Area nonprofits and community
support local organizations, communities, and neighbors in San Francisco. Join initiatives and programs that promote
Step Request Information Visit USF Connect With Us Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San
Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link
is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News &
Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety
University of San Francisco
Title: For Employers - Priscilla A. Scotlan Career Services Center | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/life-at-usf/career-services-center/employers 
 For Employers - Priscilla A. Scotlan Career Services Center | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search
Enter a Search Term Search: Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for
(Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values
Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond
Carbon Neutral San Francisco's University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San
Francisco Main Campus Downtown San Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage
Rates President & Leadership Board of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office
USF News Academics Learn to Create Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors
Graduate Programs Dual Degree Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic
Support Undergraduate Research Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health
Professions Advising Graduate & Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional
Certificates Executive Education The San Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges
College of Arts & Sciences School of Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health
Professions Libraries Admission & Aid Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International
Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions
Student Resources International Graduate Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of
Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty &
Research Faculty & Student Research Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia
Pacific Studies Center for Teaching Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane
Center for Catholic Social Thought & the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common
Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the
City The Campus Experience Arts & Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student
Activities Student Employment Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing
Dining on Campus Career Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events Priscilla A. Scotlan Career
Services Center For Employers Home Life at USF Career Planning & Preparation For Employers On This page Handshake
Recruitment Events Partner Program 2024-25 USF Recruiter Policies Employer Diversity Recruitment Guidelines Did You
Hire a USF Student? Hire someone who already has a head start! USF students and graduates are professional, prepared,
passionate, and diverse. They are immersed in real world learning, social justice, global perspective and
entrepreneurial action. They are critical thinkers and exceptional doers, trademarks encouraged by our award winning
faculty and Jesuit tradition. The perfect candidate for your job lives just up the street and is San Francisco savvy.
USF Students and Employers in the News Read stories about USF students connecting with employers at career fairs, info
sessions, and workshops. USF Students & Employers in the News Handshake Connect with us on Handshake Post your jobs and
internships to USF and multiple schools for free. Register for career fairs, on-campus interviews, information tables,
and other student engagement events. Create and manage your own virtual events. Access student resumes and message them
directly. Login to Handshake How to Post a Job or Internship What to Include in an Internship Posting Image USF
students visited Ubisoft on a Tech Trek. Recruitment Events Image USF students network with the San Francisco
Giants.The University of San Francisco hosts recruiting events in the form of Meet-Ups, Career Fairs and Industry
Pop-Ups each semester. All employers registered in Handshake will be sent information for recruiting events once
registration opens. Registration information will also be posted on our Career Fairs page in Handshake (select school:
University of San Francisco). This is a great way to meet and recruit qualified students for your internships and
full-time jobs! Resume Rush Tuesday, Sept. 10 10am - 4pm USF Main Campus Meet USF students and help them prepare for
Fall 2024 Recruiting Events by reviewing their resumes. You will meet with students (undergraduate and graduate) for
short 10 to 15-minute sessions to review their resume and answer any questions they may have. Parking passes will be
provided for all guest employers. We will email you additional details 1 week before the event. Registration is
complimentary. Please email Stephanie Belfiore at sibelfiore@usfca.edu with any questions. Please share your
but we are happy to have you for more (or less) if you are able! Please feel free to share with colleagues who may also
be interested. Meet the Firms (Accounting & Finance) Hosted by Beta Alpha PsiWednesday, Sept. 11 6:00 - 7:30 pm USF
Main Campus Engage with students interested in connecting with Accounting and Finance companies for jobs, internships,
summer leadership programs. Email Dr. Diane Roberts at robertsd@usfca.edu if you have questions (this is not organized
by Career Services). Register through Eventbrite. Club Connect: A Student Club & Employer Meet-up Monday, Sept. 23
11:30 am - 1:00 pm USF Main Campus Employers can meet 20+ professional and cultural student organizations in a
reverse-career fair format. Stop by student club tables and meet their officers and members to make connections.
Register on Handshake. Media & Entertainment Careers Pop-Up Tuesday, Oct. 22 11:30 am - 1:30 pm USF Main Campus This
networking and recruiting event will connect media, entertainment, arts, and sports employers with USF students
majoring or interested in your respective industry. Register HERE (space is limited to 20 employers). Email Julia Hing
at jahing@usfca.edu with any questions. Image Students chat with a recruiter from VISA.Health, Science, & Tech Careers
Pop-Up Tuesday, Oct. 29 11:30 am - 1:30 pm USF Main Campus Meet USF students and alumni from ALL MAJORS interested in
pursuing careers in the Health, Science, and Technology industry, including bioscience, technology, business, patient
care, policy, and beyond! Register HERE (space is limited to 20 employers). Email Stephanie Belfiore at
sibelfiore@usfca.edu with any questions. Ask A Recruiter Drop-Ins Tuesdays, Sept. 24 & Nov. 5 11:00 am - 1:00 pm USF
Main Campus Meet USF students to talk about your industry, review their resume, offer interview tips, and career
advice. This is an informal setting that offers you a great way to connect with students who are interested in your
company/industry. Registration is complimentary. If you would like to participate in one of these dates, email
Stephanie Belfiore at sibelfiore@usfca.edu. Image USF students visit Google on a Tech Trek.Host a Trek Image Students
visit NetApp.Showcase your company to USF students! Welcome students to your workplace, give them a tour, introduce
them to your company and culture, and answer questions. Space is limited to 15 of our most dedicated students through
an application process. Fall 2024 Treks Include: September: Architecture + Engineering Trek Email Stephanie Belfiore at
sibelfiore@usfca.edu if interested. October: Fashion + Beauty Trek Email Julia Hing at jahing@usfca.edu if interested.
October: AI + Cybersecurity Trek Email Stephanie Belfiore at sibelfiore@usfca.edu if interested. Please email us if you
are interested in participating. If you would like to host a future Trek in a different industry, please let us know.
We plan treks to different industries each semester! Information Table Come host an info table on campus to talk to
students about your company and immediate job opportunities! Create a new event in Handshake Event Type: Information
Session Clarify: Information Table. Image Summer Intern Housing University of San Francisco offers Corporate Summer
Internship Housing to companies looking for short-term housing for their summer interns. Learn more on our website, or
contact Deidre Smith at smithd@usfca.edu or (415) 422-6824 for availability. Partner with Student Organizations Meet
Hing at jahing@usfca.edu or Stephanie Belfiore at sibelfiore@usfca.edu to discuss different ways you can reach these
targeted audiences. Contact If you have questions about any of the events above, feel free to reach out to Julia Hing
at jahing@usfca.edu or Stephanie Belfiore at sibelfiore@usfca.edu, the USF Career Center Employer Relations Team.
Thanks for recruiting at USF! Partner Program 2024-25 Gold: Corporate Partner Benefits ($3000/Year) Includes Free
parking for all on-campus events Priority invitation to participate in applicable in-person or virtual employer
recruiting and networking events Company logo on CSC online marketing materials and website with hyperlink Highlighted
job and internship postings in Handshake Promotion of job and internship listings in the CSC weekly e-newsletter Choose
5 Benefits Complimentary virtual and in-person registrations for Spring JOB FEST Career & Internship Festival. Includes
additional 2 representatives at in-person sessions and optional electrical access. Company logo displayed on student
information/registration web page and promotional materials Promotional boost in the Handshake portal for 1 semester
with a supporting email blast 2 targeted email blasts (1 per semester) E-introduction to up to 3 select campus student
clubs and organizations 1 Information Table or Session Coffee Pop-up Information Table during 1 select semester
Invitation to participate in a Student Organization Welcome Event Breakout Session 1 resume book for up to 5 major
groups Green: Virtual Corporate Partner Benefits ($1500/Year) Includes Priority invitation to participate in applicable
virtual employer recruiting and networking events Company logo on CSC online marketing materials and website with
hyperlink Highlighted job and internship postings in Handshake Promotion of job and internship listings in the CSC
weekly e-newsletter Choose 3 Benefits Complimentary virtual career fair registration for Spring JOB FEST Career &
Internship Festival. Company logo displayed on student information/registration web page and promotional materials
Promotional boost in the Handshake portal for 1 semester with a supporting email blast 1 targeted email blast
E-introduction to 1 select campus student club or organization 1 Virtual Information Session 1 resume book for up to 5
major groups Nonprofit & Civic Partner Benefits ($750/Year) Includes Free parking for all on-campus events Priority
invitation to participate in applicable in-person or virtual employer recruiting and networking events Organization
logo on CSC online marketing materials and website with hyperlink Highlighted job and internship postings in Handshake
Promotion of job and internship listings in the CSC weekly e-newsletter Choose 3 Benefits Choice of complimentary
virtual or in-person registration for Spring JOB FEST Career & Internship Festival. Includes additional 2
representatives at in-person sessions and optional electrical access. Company logo displayed on student
information/registration web page and promotional materials Promotional boost in the Handshake portal for 1 semester
with a supporting email blast 1 targeted email blast E-introduction to 1 select campus student club or organization 1
Information Table or Session 1 Resume Book for up to 5 major groups NEW! DEI ADD-ON (Additional $500/Year) Add these
extras to your selected program and bring attention to your Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion initiatives Complimentary
registration for up to 4 reps to attend Club Connect: A Student Club & Employer Meet-up to meet student club leaders &
members Highlight as a DEI-focused employer via Handshake Collections for 2 semesters Highlight your DEI initiatives in
program guidelines. If interested in learning more about participating in the Partner Program, contact USF Career
Services Employer Relationships team members: Julia Hing at jahing@usfca.edu or Stephanie Belfiore at
sibelfiore@usfca.edu. USF Recruiter Policies Employment/entrepreneurial opportunities pay a base salary equal to or
greater than a minimum wage (currently $18.07/hour in San Francisco, $15.50/hour in California, $7.25/hour Federal) in
compliance with city/county/state/federal labor laws and ordinances. Employers will not require an initial payment or
investment from the job candidate. Initial investment may include, but not be limited to: requirement to attend unpaid
(or employee paid) orientation or training, direct payment of a fixed fee (such an application fee) or purchase or
rental of a starter kit, sales kit or presentation supplies, as example. Employment/entrepreneurial opportunities will
others who recruit others, etc. to sell products or services (e.g. Amway or Mary Kay cosmetics). Employer will not
will not list depositing checks or transferring money as part of the job responsibilities, nor ask the candidate to
give his/her credit card or bank account numbers, or copies of personal documents. Employer shall provide a detailed
job description describing the company and listing duties and qualifications. Short and ambiguous job descriptions are
unacceptable. In accord with FERPA (the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act), release candidate information only
with written permission of the candidate and only to the identified employer. Third-Party Employer Services The
babysitting agencies, who recruit on behalf of client organizations or for their own internal positions are permitted
to only utilize the following recruitment services offered by the Center: Approved third-party employers may post
positions online in Handshake ONLY if offering jobs or internships at their own organization or fully disclose the
organization they are assisting in filling opportunities. Third-party employers WILL NOT be permitted to participate in
the following USF Career Services Center services: Will not be granted access to search for student resumes and
profiles Will not be provided with resume books Will not be permitted to participate in career fairs, on-campus
interview programs, schedule company information sessions, or information tables Third-party employers must not require
a financial investment or payment by the student or alumni for employment or placement. Under no circumstances should
fees be charged to students or alumni. USF will not post any opportunities that require students or alumni to pay fees.
**The Career Services Center reserves the right to change, modify or add criteria to the above standards as needed.
Employer Diversity Recruitment Guidelines University of San Francisco (USF) ranks 1st in the nation for its student
and alumni come from 50 states and more than 100 countries. Grew up in more than 25 faith traditions. Speak 49
languages. Represent the full range of race and ethnicity, gender identity, sexual identity, socioeconomic background,
and political beliefs. True to its Jesuit mission, USF is working to create a more equitable, diverse, and inclusive
community. The Career Services Center believes that our work to address systemic inequities facing students of
different abilities, ages, colors, creeds, cultures, races, ethnicities, family models, gender identities, gender
expressions, health statuses, nationalities, political views, religious, spiritual, and philosophical beliefs, sexual
orientations, socioeconomic statuses, educational backgrounds and veteran statuses starts with equitable access to
meaningful employment and internship opportunities at organizations that strive for all their employees to feel
included, respected, and empowered. Below are several benefits to employers creating an inclusive work culture, ways to
measure and create inclusion in the workplace and how employers can demonstrate to students their commitment to
diversity, equity, and inclusion throughout the recruitment process. Benefits of Creating an Inclusive Work Culture The
National Association of Colleges and Employers (NACE) highlights the organizational benefits of creating an inclusive
higher employee morale, and increased creativity and innovation. Three main elements to creating an inclusive work
diversity and inclusion is vital to the success of any business, which is why developing a strategy that responds to
expectations around diversity and inclusion in the job search and their interactions with employers. They want to see
DEI through your website, marketing materials, and Handshake profile by featuring diverse employees and providing
examples of how your organization supports an equitable and inclusive work environment (e.g., employer resource groups,
mentoring programs, community engagement efforts, social justice benefits). Highlight DEI in Your Postings Attract and
hire more diverse candidates by using inclusive language and eliminating bias. Organizations can increase diversity by
removing common barriers such as listing internships that are unpaid, having GPA minimums and an unnecessary list of
qualifications (e.g., narrow list of allowable majors, number of years of experience, graduation years). Highlight
inclusive benefits (e.g., flexible schedules, floating holidays, paid parental leaves, paid time off, tuition
reimbursement, professional development, domestic partner coverage, mental health and wellness programs, childcare).
Integrate DEI in Your Student Interactions When meeting with students be prepared to answer questions about your
your recruitment team is trained in unconscious bias and has scrutinized what your organization means by
Textio, and Blendoor to anonymize resumes and remove demographic information. Learn More Did You Hire a USF Student?
Share your USF hiring success story! Email Julia Hing at jahing@usfca.edu and Stephanie Belfiore sibelfiore@usfca.edu
to let us know of recent full-time or intern hires. USF is an excellent university whose students are often involved in
internships and community volunteering. Between class work and extracurricular experiences, USF students develop work
Egeland, Woodruff-sawyer And Company We've hired a number of our tutors from USF. They are engaged, professional and
Scotlan Career Services Center Main Campus careerservices@usfca.edu (415) 422-6216 2130 Fulton StreetUniversity Center,
5th FloorSan Francisco, CA 94117 Hours Mon-Fri, 9 a.m. - 5 p.m. Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130
Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is
external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us
Directory Careers at USF News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps &
Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Visit Give to USF myUSF Consumer Information Privacy Statement Web
Title: Core Curriculum | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/academics/undergraduate-experience/core-curriculum 
 Core Curriculum | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply (Menu
Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students
Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change
Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's
University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San
Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board
of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create
Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree
Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research
Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate &
Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San
Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of
Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid
Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet
Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate
Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of
Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research
Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching
Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought
& the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms
Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts &
Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment
Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career
Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events Core Curriculum Home Academics The Undergraduate
Experience Core Curriculum Stretch your brain and expand your skills. Discover subjects you never even considered.
Explore all of your options through the core curriculum, the heart and soul of our liberal arts education. Core
Curriculum Areas Foundations of Communication Math and the Sciences Humanities Philosophy, Theology, and Religious
Studies Social Sciences Visual and Performing Arts Thinking Outside of the Checkbox At universities around the country,
and challenge the boundaries of their values and traditions. Who We Are First Year & Transfer Seminars Examine the
culture, politics, environment, people, and history of the Bay Area. In small classes led by expert faculty, first-year
and transfer students are introduced to new surroundings and new interests in an urban academic environment. Previous
slide Next slide Podcasts: Eloquentia & Audio Analyze the ways that podcasting operates as a mode of public speaking in
the 21st century. Develop skills in speaking, listening, writing, and audio production. Leave class with your very own
podcast episode. Golden Gate Park Learn about historical peoples' relationships to Bay Area nature and natural
resources, the development of Golden Gate Park, and contemporary uses of the park. Be ready for field trips from the
National AIDS Memorial Grove. What is Wisdom? What is wisdom? Does wisdom make us happy? Is ignorance bliss? Ask these
and other questions while drawing upon renowned philosophers to help you explore life's big questions. A trip to the
Asian Art Museum will also take you steps away from ancient objects related to Confucianism. Opera: Love, Death, &
Intrigue Explore the world of opera. Study, discuss, and view performances in and outside of the classroom with
opportunities to attend three performances at the San Francisco Opera. Law & Order: San Francisco Discuss, analyze and
write about social justice as practiced in our society and as depicted in movies and television. Make first-hand
observations about the criminal and civil justice systems by taking field trips to local state and federal courtrooms
to attend arraignments, hearings, trials, and sentencing. Science Fiction Explore texts by Octavia Butler, Ray
Bradbury, Pat Murphy, and more. Make trips off-campus for movies and readings by science fiction authors. All seminars
count toward the core curriculum requirements or as a prerequisite for your written communication requirement. In
selected classes, student assistants provide valuable peer mentoring. First-Year & Transfer Seminars Karen Fraser
Assistant Professor of Asian Art In the Asian Art in San Francisco seminar, students get some unique opportunities,
such as a private Japanese print viewing at the Legion of Honor. This way, students experience art rather than just
looking at images in a book." Karen Fraser Assistant Professor of Asian Art Additional Graduation Requirements The full
USF experience goes beyond the core and challenges students to step outside of their own realities to think critically
about the world around them. Explore three additional requirements that round out the undergraduate academic
experience. Language Language nurtures relationships, unlocks opportunities, and invites new experiences around the
undergraduate curriculum, providing students with opportunities to engage in activities that address community needs
and promote personal development. Community-Engaged Learning Requirement Cultural Diversity Our students consider the
world from a diversity of perspectives, graduating with the skills to think critically about how gender, race, class,
and ethnicity shape our culture and values. Cultural Diversity Requirement Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo
2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is
external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us
Directory Careers at USF News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps &
Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Visit Give to USF myUSF Consumer Information Privacy Statement Web
Title: Graduate Info Sessions - Graduate Admission | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/admission/graduate/tours-information-sessions 
 Graduate Info Sessions - Graduate Admission | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search
Term Search: Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link)
(Menu Link) Students Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit
Roots Agents for Change Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral
San Francisco's University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus
Downtown San Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President &
Leadership Board of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics
Learn to Create Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs
Dual Degree Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support
Undergraduate Research Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions
Advising Graduate & Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates
Executive Education The San Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of
Arts & Sciences School of Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries
Admission & Aid Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates &
Deadlines Meet Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources
International Graduate Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price
Calculator Types of Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty &
Student Research Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies
Center for Teaching Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for
Catholic Social Thought & the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good
Innovation Labs Star Route Farms Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City
The Campus Experience Arts & Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student
Activities Student Employment Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing
Dining on Campus Career Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events GRADUATE ADMISSION Graduate
Info Sessions Home Admission & Aid Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions
Student Resources International Graduate International Graduate Certificate of Finance English Language Proficiency
REQUEST INFO APPLY NOW Visit USF REQUEST APPLY Visit Join an info session by selecting your intended school or college
below. Not sure which school your program is in? Search for your program here to find out. Information SessionsBased on
Graduate Program College of Arts & Sciences School of Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing &
Health Professions Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA
94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external)
Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media
Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title
of San Francisco
Title: Board of Trustees | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/who-we-are/president-leadership/board-trustees 
 Board of Trustees | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply (Menu
Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students
Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change
Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's
University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San
Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board
of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create
Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree
Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research
Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate &
Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San
Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of
Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid
Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet
Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate
Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of
Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research
Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching
Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought
& the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms
Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts &
Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment
Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career
Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events Board of Trustees Home Who We Are President &
Leadership Board of Trustees The Board of Trustees is the principal governance body of the University of San Francisco.
Board of Trustees Bylaws Board Members Trustees Emeriti/ae Trustees Emeriti/ae Members Board Constituent
Representatives Board Committee Assignments Meeting Action Items Meeting Calendar The members of the Board of Trustees
dedicate their time, expertise and resources to the advancement of USF. As a board, they play a fundamental role in
University community. It is currently composed of 41 members, including seven Jesuits, two of whom are ex-officio
members, the president and the rector of the USF Jesuit community. Members are elected to serve a three-year term and
may stand for re-election to two additional three-year terms. This dynamic nature of its membership imbues new ideas
Catholic tradition. They establish policies on financial management, fundraising, investments, property and assets. The
of the University is the responsibility of the University president and his leadership team. Constituent
representatives are invited to participate in the proceedings of the board as non-voting members to enhance the work of
the board by developing a better understanding of these constituencies. In turn, this assists the board in its
decision-making and governance. The constituencies represented are undergraduate students, graduate students, faculty
and alumni. Constituent representatives serve on most standing committees of the board. Image 2023-24 Members of the
Board of Trustees and Constituent Representatives Extranet Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton
Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external)
LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers
at USF News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour
Campus Safety Title IX Apply Visit Give to USF myUSF Consumer Information Privacy Statement Web Accessibility Copyright
Title: Work for Social Justice | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/who-we-are/agents-change/working-social-justice 
 Work for Social Justice | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply
(Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students
Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change
Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's
University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San
Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board
of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create
Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree
Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research
Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate &
Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San
Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of
Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid
Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet
Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate
Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of
Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research
Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching
Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought
& the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms
Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts &
Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment
Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career
Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events AGENTS FOR CHANGE Work for Social Justice Home Who We
forms, we seek justice in many ways. Here are just a few. Seek Justice From Here Equipped to Lead and Succeed Student
Wins National Fellowship for Community Service Alumni USF Entrepreneur Reconceptualizes Housing For Transition-Aged
Foster Youth Global Perspective Law Students Work with Refugees in Kenya #YouAreWelcomeHere Remote video URL Transcript
Camille Angel USF Rabbi in Residence Pursue Justice in Class Find justice built into the curriculum all across the
on race, class, gender, sexual identity, religion, and nation. Human Rights Education, MA Promote Positive Change
Through Performance In the first and only undergraduate program of its kind in the U.S., you learn to use craft in the
cause of justice. Performing Arts & Social Justice, BA Pursue Public Interest Work Train to be a leader in urban and
public policy and community organizing. Public Interest & Social Justice Become a Public Health Leader Advocate for
health equity and social justice in the Bay Area and around the world. Public Health, MPH Site Footer University of San
Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external)
Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect
Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus
Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Visit Give to USF myUSF Consumer Information Privacy
Title: Professional Certificates | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/academics/find-your-program/professional-certificates 
 Professional Certificates | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply
(Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students
Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change
Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's
University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San
Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board
of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create
Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree
Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research
Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate &
Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San
Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of
Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid
Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet
Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate
Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of
Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research
Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching
Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought
& the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms
Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts &
Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment
Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career
Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events ACADEMICS Professional Certificates Undergraduate
Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree Programs Professional Certificates Home Academics Explore Our Programs
interested in I'm interested in Art & Design Business Computers & Technology Cultural Studies Education Entertainment
Humanities Law Leadership Marketing & Communications Math & Analytics Medicine & Health Politics Public Policy Science
Social Science I'm interested in Show Options I'm interested in RELATED PROGRAMS I want to be a I want to be a Academic
Advisor Account Executive Actor Advertising Manager Anthropologist Archeologist Architect Archivist Athlete/Sport
Administration Attorney/Lawyer Auditor Author/Writer Biologist Biotechnology Brand & Product Management Business
Business Consultant C-suite/Executive Campaign Manager Chemist Choreographer City Planner Clinical Nurse Specialist
Clinical Worker Coach Communications Leadership Communications Professional Community Development Community Health
Outreach Compliance Officer Computer Scientist Computer Training Specialist Counselor/Therapist Creative Director
Credit Analyst Curator Data Analyst Data Scientist Dentist Diplomat Disability Specialist for Higher Ed Doctor
Ecologist Economist Editor Education Administration Engineer Entrepreneur/Founder Environmental Consultant
Environmental Health Specialist Epidemiologist Fashion Designer Filmmaker Financial Consultant Forensics Geneticist
Government Official Graphic/Web Designer Health Information Specialist Health Policy Analyst Historian Hospitality
Manager Instructional Designer Interior Designer Interpreter Intervention Specialist Journalist/Reporter Legal Program
Associate Lobbyist Market Intelligence Expert Marketing Leadership Marketing Professional Mathematician/Statistician
Medical Researcher Musician NGO & Non-Profit Nurse Nurse Midwife Nurse Practitioner Occupational Therapist Patent
Prosecution Physical Therapist Physicist Policy Analyst/Maker Political Consultant President Producer Professional
Artist/Illustrator Project Manager Psychologist Public Health Nurse Public Policy Advocate Public Relations Manager
Researcher Risk Analyst Scientist Social Worker/Case Manager Sociologist Software Developer Software Engineer Special
Education Program Specialist Sponsorship Management Sustainability Manager Teacher/Professor Theater Technician
Translator Utility Analyst Youth Development Worker I want to be a Show Options I want to be a RELATED PROGRAMS Filter
Filter Filter Degree Degree Bachelor of Arts Bachelor of Science Bachelor of Science in Business Administration
Bachelor of Science in Nursing Juris Doctor Master of Arts Master of Arts in Teaching Master of Fine Arts Master of
Business Administration Master of Laws Master of Legal Studies Master of Nonprofit Administration Master of Public
Administration Master of Public Health Master of Science Professional Science Master's Doctor of Education Doctor of
Nursing Practice Doctor of Psychology Non Degree School School College of Arts and Sciences School of Education School
of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Location Campus Downtown East Bay Main Campus Online
- Zoom Orange County Pleasanton Sacramento Santa Rosa South Bay Interests Interests - Any -Art &
DesignLeadershipBusinessCultural StudiesEducationEntertainmentHumanitiesLawMarketing & CommunicationsMath &
AnalyticsMedicine & HealthPoliticsPublic PolicyScienceSocial ScienceComputers & Technology Career Goals Career Goals -
Any -Academic AdvisorAccount ExecutiveActorAdvertising ManagerAnthropologistArcheologistArchitectArchivistAthlete/Sport
AdministrationAttorney/LawyerAuditorAuthor/WriterBiologistBiotechnologyBrand & Product ManagementBusinessBusiness
ConsultantC-suite/ExecutiveCampaign ManagerChemistChoreographerCity PlannerClinical Nurse SpecialistClinical
WorkerCoachCommunications LeadershipCommunications ProfessionalCommunity DevelopmentCommunity Health OutreachCompliance
OfficerComputer ScientistComputer Training SpecialistCounselor/TherapistCreative DirectorCredit AnalystCuratorData
AnalystData ScientistDentistDiplomatDisability Specialist for Higher EdDoctorEcologistEconomistEditorEducation
AdministrationEngineerEntrepreneur/FounderEnvironmental ConsultantEnvironmental Health SpecialistEpidemiologistFashion
DesignerFilmmakerFinancial ConsultantForensicsGeneticistGovernment OfficialGraphic/Web DesignerHealth Information
SpecialistHealth Policy AnalystHistorianHospitality ManagerInstructional DesignerInterior
DesignerInterpreterIntervention SpecialistJournalist/ReporterLegal Program AssociateLobbyistMarket Intelligence
ExpertMarketing LeadershipMarketing ProfessionalMathematician/StatisticianMedical ResearcherMusicianNGO &
Non-ProfitNurseNurse MidwifeNurse PractitionerOccupational TherapistPatent ProsecutionPhysical TherapistPhysicistPolicy
Analyst/MakerPolitical ConsultantPresidentProducerProfessional Artist/IllustratorProject ManagerPsychologistPublic
Health NursePublic Policy AdvocatePublic Relations ManagerResearcherRisk AnalystScientistSocial Worker/Case
ManagerSociologistSoftware DeveloperSoftware EngineerSpecial Education Program SpecialistSponsorship
ManagementSustainability ManagerTeacher/ProfessorTheater TechnicianTranslatorUtility AnalystYouth Development Worker
Arabic San Francisco Certificate Come to our three-week intensive Arabic language program. Learn in small classes. Join
Sensing Certificate Business Analytics Program Certificate Certificate Program in JEDI + JSSJ Certificate Certified
Customer Success Manager Level II, Course Certificate This intermediate-level course focuses on refining your ability
to effectively manage internal relationships and a growing portfolio of accounts. Certified Customer Success Manager
Level III, Course Certificate This advanced-level course focuses on creating a more strategic mindset and approach.
Certified Customer Success Manager Level I, Course Certificate This introductory certification course covers the
foundational best practices that drive the most effective customer success organizations. Clean Energy Systems
Innovation Program Certificate Crisis Communication Certificate Learn crisis communication ethics, assessments,
tactics, strategies, and practices. Develop a crisis communication plan for your organization. Custom Programs
Certificate Data Science for Marketing Certificate As data becomes easier to collect or produce, marketing leaders need
to understand how these data can be incorporated into data science programs so as to generate intelligence and learning
that inform marketing tactics. AI & Data Ethics Certificate The certificate delves into pressing issues of AI and data
ethics, focusing on navigating ethical complexities within emerging, data-centric AI technologies. It also explores the
foundational principles of ethics and their connections with broader social trends and systems. Finish the Book: A
Novel Intensive Certificate In just 8 months, complete and revise a manuscript that's ready to pitch to agents and
publishers. GeoPandas for Data Analysis Certificate This course, led by an industry expert, offers an in-depth
exploration of GeoPandas, an open source project that makes working with geospatial data in Python easier. Hebrew San
Francisco: Ulpan Certificate Come to our three-week intensive Hebrew language program. Learn in small classes. Join a
supportive and enthusiastic community. Introduction to Computing with Python Certificate Introduction to Machine
Learning Certificate Acquire the basics of machine learning and data science. Learn cross-validation, bias-variance
tradeoff, logistic regression, classification, and clustering. Large Language Models for Coders Certificate The Large
Language Models for Coders certificate course is crafted to equip participants with deep, practical insights derived
from real-world applications of generative AI. Pandas & NumPy for Data Analysis Certificate This certificate provides
an introduction on how to use Python tools and libraries, focusing primarily on pandas, to perform data analysis.
Public Leadership Certificate The Public Leadership certificate examines salient issues related to public leadership
and creating policy. Python for Data Analysis Certificate Use Python code to solve data-related problems. Learn to
develop and test code and scripts. Silicon Valley Immersion Program Certificate Social Impact Analytics Certificate
support communities in need. Use data to make informed decisions and drive lasting change. SQL for Data Analysis
Certificate Advance your career. Learn database design and how to write, debug, and optimize SQL queries.
Transformative School Leadership Credential Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San
Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link
is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News &
Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety
University of San Francisco
Title: 
 url: https://www.linkedin.com/edu/school?id=17968 
Title: Activism & Engagement | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/life-at-usf/activism-and-engagement 
 Activism & Engagement | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply
(Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students
Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change
Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's
University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San
Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board
of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create
Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree
Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research
Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate &
Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San
Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of
Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid
Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet
Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate
Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of
Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research
Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching
Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought
& the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms
Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts &
Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment
Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career
Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events LIFE AT USF Activism & Engagement Home Life at USF
USF students and alumni are changing the world from here: USF Student Secures Campus Housing for Immigrants Kemelyn
interested in legislation on education, like implementing culturally relevant pedagogy in the curriculum." Kathleen Siu
dozens of student clubs and organizations ranging from media, academic, service, cultural, and Greek. Build your
resume, make new friends, develop skills, be active, push limits, and get involved. Student Clubs & Organizations
Cultural Centers The Cultural Centers bring students together to increase their understanding, and embrace their roles,
as members of a diverse community on the local and global levels. Cultural Centers Leadership and Engagement Student
Leadership and Engagement understands that you seek out involvement and leadership for a variety of reasons, including
serving others, networking, building skills, discovering yourself, making new friends, and creating change. Leadership
& Engagement USF Debate Team Weighs in on State Senator's AI Bill California State Senator Scott Wiener came to the
Agents for Change Beyond Carbon Neutral Join Us Request Info Visit USF Connect With Us Site Footer University of San
Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external)
Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect
Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus
Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Visit Give to USF myUSF Consumer Information Privacy
Title: San Francisco Main Campus | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/who-we-are/our-locations/san-francisco-main-campus 
 San Francisco Main Campus | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply
(Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students
Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change
Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's
University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San
Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board
of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create
Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree
Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research
Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate &
Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San
Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of
Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid
Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet
Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate
Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of
Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research
Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching
Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought
& the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms
Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts &
Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment
Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career
Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events San Francisco Main Campus Home Who We Are Our
Location San Francisco Main Campus On This page Campus Map Virtual Tour Campus Around the Clock The main campus of the
University of San Francisco, "the Hilltop" is located in the geographic center of the city. Our hilltop campus is
divided between two adjacent plots: Lone Mountain and lower campus. Spread across 55-acres, separated by Turk Street in
students inspired to change the world from here. From here, students have easy access to everything San Francisco has
to offer, including 27 distinct neighborhoods, recreation in Golden Gate Park, internships in the Financial District,
and music and museums south of Market Street. Campus Map Get familiar with our campus before you arrive for an
and lower campuses in the heart of San Francisco. Gain perspective with our campus map and imagine changing the world
residence halls, libraries and laboratories that make up our campus in the heart of San Francisco. Take the Virtual
issue of USF Magazine. Read the Story Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA
94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external)
Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media
Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title
of San Francisco
Title: Careers at USF | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/hr 
 Careers at USF | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply (Menu Link)
(Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students Parents
Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change
Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's
University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San
Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board
of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create
Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree
Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research
Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate &
Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San
Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of
Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid
Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet
Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate
Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of
Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research
Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching
Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought
& the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms
Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts &
Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment
Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career
Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events CHANGE STARTS HERE. HELP FINISH THE JOB. Careers at
Jobs at USF Previous slide Next slide Teach Full-Time Looking to teach full time at one of the most mission driven
universities in the world? Look no further! Full-Time Positions Teach Part-Time Take a look at our part-time academic
opportunities and teach at one of the most beautiful campuses in the San Francisco Bay Area. Part-Time Roles Join Our
Staff Bring your expertise to help our students succeed in all areas from IT to psychological services. View Staff
Roles Work and Study Current students looking to bolster their experience, take a look at our student employee jobs.
Only current students can sign in and view these job opportunities. Student Jobs Apply Internally Internal applicants
should apply through the internal job listings page. Applicants can also apply to temporary positions at USF offered by
our HR partner, HR Options. Internal Job Board Lots of Benefits! Over 25 benefits and wellness programs ensure our
employees are maintaining a healthy, productive life on and off campus. The Benefits of Working at USF Select option to
display slide Competitive Compensation Professional Development Tuition Remission Childcare Subsidy See Full List of
Benefits <span class="highlight">Competitive Compensation</span> Professional <span class="highlight">Development
</span> <span class="highlight">Tuition</span> Remission <span class="highlight">Childcare</span> Subsidy See <span
class="highlight">Full List</span> of Benefits Competitive Compensation We provide a competitive and sustainable
compensation and benefits package designed to help recruit, retain, and recognize a qualified, diverse, and
mission-driven workforce. Learn More Professional Development Our faculty and staff have access to an array of learning
opportunities that include workshops, seminars, and online programs. Learn more Tuition Remission Our tuition remission
program allows eligible faculty, staff, and their families to further their education, enhance their skills, and pursue
career development. Learn More Childcare Subsidy The childcare subsidy program provides employees the flexibility to
childcare. Learn more See Full List of Benefits Explore our full list of benefits on myUSF. See All Equal Opportunity
Employment Equal Opportunity and Non-Discrimination Policy We are an equal opportunity institution of higher education.
Read our Equal Opportunity and Non-Discrimination Policy. Read the policy Inclusion Statement We strive to promote
safe, affirming, and inclusive communities for all students, faculty, and staff. Read our Inclusion Statement.
Inclusion Statement Our Mission is Supporting Yours We foster an inclusive and engaging work environment for all
faculty and staff. Visit human resources Human Resources Main Campus humanresources@usfca.edu (415) 422-6707 2130
University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link
is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is
external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore
Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Visit Give to USF myUSF Consumer Information
Title: Dates & Deadlines - Undergraduate Admission | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/admission/undergraduate/dates-deadlines 
 Dates & Deadlines - Undergraduate Admission | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search
Term Search: Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link)
(Menu Link) Students Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit
Roots Agents for Change Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral
San Francisco's University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus
Downtown San Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President &
Leadership Board of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics
Learn to Create Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs
Dual Degree Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support
Undergraduate Research Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions
Advising Graduate & Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates
Executive Education The San Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of
Arts & Sciences School of Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries
Admission & Aid Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates &
Deadlines Meet Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources
International Graduate Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price
Calculator Types of Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty &
Student Research Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies
Center for Teaching Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for
Catholic Social Thought & the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good
Innovation Labs Star Route Farms Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City
The Campus Experience Arts & Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student
Activities Student Employment Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing
Dining on Campus Career Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events UNDERGRADUATE ADMISSION Dates
& Deadlines Home Admission & Aid Undergraduate Admission Dates & Deadlines Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students
First-Year Students What We Look For AP / IB / College Credit Test Optional ED / EA / RD First-Year Class Profile
First-Year Nursing Admission Transfer Students Transfer Students Transfer Credit Transferable Course Agreements Nursing
Transfer Requirements Engineering Transfer Requirements International Students International Students International
First-Year Students International Transfer Students English Language Proficiency International Cost of Attendance Why
USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet Your Admission Team Meet Your Admission Team Admission Counselors Student Ambassadors
Admission Events Admission Events Event Recordings REQUEST INFO HOW TO APPLY Visit USF REQUEST APPLY Visit First-Year
Admission Deadlines First year students can apply early. Learn about the differences between Early Decision, Early
Action, and Regular Decision and see which one is right for you. Fall Early Decision I Early Action Application
deadline Nov. 1 Nov. 1 Supplemental materials deadline** Nov. 15 Nov. 15 Decision notification begins Mid-Dec. Mid-Dec.
FAFSA deadline* March 1 March 1 Deposit deadline March 1 May 1 *For U.S. citizens and permanent residents only. March 1
is a target deadline for submitting a FAFSA. The Department of Education plans to distribute FAFSA data to institutions
in batches starting in mid to late March. We want to start processing as many applications as possible after we receive
Decision Application deadline Jan. 15 Jan. 15 Supplemental materials deadline** Feb. 1 Feb. 9 FAFSA deadline* March 1
March 1 Decision notification begins mid-Feb. mid-March Deposit deadline March 1 May 1 Spring Regular Decision
Application deadline Nov. 1 Deposit deadline Dec. 1 Institutional aid for those who apply after the deadline will be
offered on a funds available basis. *For U.S. citizens and permanent residents only. March 1 is a target deadline for
submitting a FAFSA. The Department of Education plans to distribute FAFSA data to institutions in batches starting in
having technical difficulties completing the FAFSA by March 1, just do your best to submit it as soon as you can, and
Decision Spring application deadline November 1 Spring deposit deadline December 1 Fall application deadline* March 1
FAFSA deadline** March 1 Decision notification begins April 1 Fall deposit deadline June 1 *Applications completed
after the posted deadlines will be reviewed on a space-available basis. **For U.S. citizens and permanent residents
only. Office of Undergraduate Admission Main Campus admission@usfca.edu (415) 422-6563 Lone Mountain Main 2512800 Turk
Blvd.San Francisco, CA 94118 Hours Monday - Friday: 8:30 a.m. - 5 p.m. Fax (415) 422-2217 Site Footer University of San
Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external)
Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect
Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus
Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Visit Give to USF myUSF Consumer Information Privacy
Title: Downtown San Francisco | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/downtown 
 Downtown San Francisco | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply
(Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students
Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change
Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's
University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San
Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board
of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create
Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree
Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research
Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate &
Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San
Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of
Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid
Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet
Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate
Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of
Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research
Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching
Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought
& the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms
Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts &
Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment
Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career
Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events Downtown San Francisco Home Who We Are Our Location
Downtown San Francisco Located in the historic Folgers Coffee Company Building, our Downtown Campus provides unmatched
access to San Francisco's spirit of innovation. Downtown San Francisco Programs Events Directions Contact Us Student
Services Here you'll find School of Management graduate programs, College of Arts and Sciences graduate programs, the
School of Law's LLM in Taxation, Silicon Valley Immersion, and the Data Institute. Remote video URL Video Transcript
Programs Choose from a wide variety of master's and professional degrees at our Downtown Campus. Business
Administration - Full Time, MBA Business Administration - Part Time, MBA Data Institute Data Science, MS Management, BS
Energy Systems Management, MS Entrepreneurship & Innovation, MS Information Systems, MS Legal Studies in Taxation, MLST
Organization Development, MS Professional Communication, MA Sport Management, MS Taxation, LLM Our Downtown Campus is
steps from some of the world's most innovative companies: Salesforce.com McKesson Adobe Autodesk Gap, Inc. Twitter
Google Facebook Ameriprise Financial JP Morgan Chase Marriott International Pinterest Quantcast Take the Next Step
Contact Us Take a Virtual Tour Attend an Event Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San
Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link
is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News &
Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety
University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.instagram.com/usfca 
Title: Academic Support | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/academics/undergraduate-experience/academic-support 
 Academic Support | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply (Menu
Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students
Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change
Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's
University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San
Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board
of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create
Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree
Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research
Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate &
Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San
Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of
Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid
Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet
Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate
Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of
Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research
Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching
Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought
& the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms
Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts &
Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment
Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career
Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events The Undergraduate Experience Academic Support Home
Academics The Undergraduate Experience Academic Support On This page Academic Advising Academic Coaching English
Language Resources The Learning, Writing, and Speaking Centers Other Resources From the first week you arrive on
campus, USF provides you the support and resources necessary to succeed academically, and set you on your career path.
Academic Advising From orientation to graduation, you'll work together with full-time faculty to create a personalized,
comprehensive, and realistic individual academic plan based upon your interests, strengths, and goals. Academic
co-curricular opportunities available at the university, as well as your future plans beyond USF. Academic Coaching
Meet your academic success coach and feel empowered to achieve your academic goals. The Center for Academic and Student
Achievement (CASA) offers one-on-one academic coaching and evaluations to keep you on the road to graduation. Learn
more about CASA English Language Resources Academic English for Multilingual Students Is English your second language?
The Academic English for Multilingual Students (AEM) program offers courses and conversation partners to improve your
English skills. Learn more about English language resources Conversation Partner Program The AEM program matches
international students with highly proficient English speakers from the USF community. You have the opportunity to
practice English communication skills and learn about U.S. culture and college life during meet-ups throughout the
semester. Learn more about the conversation partner program The Learning, Writing, and Speaking Centers The Learning
Center The Learning Center fosters the enhancement of academic skills and abilities to assist you in becoming an
independent learner by providing support through one-on-one coaching appointments, workshops, and online resources.
Learn More About The Learning Center The Writing Center The Writing Center empowers writers by fostering your knowledge
and skills in development, organization, style, and structure. Through one-on-one interactive conferences, we support
work in different disciplines and rhetorical contexts. Learn More About The Writing Center The Speaking Center The
Speaking Center prepares you for public speaking. Our coaches prepare you for speeches, oral presentations, team
presentations, and visual aid demonstrations. Learn More About The Speaking Center Other Resources Academic Calendar
Bookstore Catalog Community-Engaged Learning Cultural Centers International Student Services Libraries Study Abroad
Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us
Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube
(link is external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog
Bookstore Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Visit Give to USF myUSF Consumer
Title: Explore Our Programs | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/academics/explore-our-programs 
 Explore Our Programs | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply (Menu
Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students
Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change
Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's
University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San
Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board
of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create
Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree
Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research
Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate &
Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San
Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of
Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid
Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet
Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate
Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of
Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research
Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching
Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought
& the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms
Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts &
Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment
Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career
Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events Explore Our Programs Home Academics Explore Our
Programs Whatever you're looking for, USF offers it. Explore more than 80 undergraduate programs in the arts and
sciences, management, and nursing and health professions, plus more than 60 graduate and certificate programs in
management, law, arts and sciences, education, and nursing and health professions. Start Here, Go AnywhereChoose an
Undergraduate Program Have a major in mind? See our big list. Not sure? Answer a few questions and we'll help you find
Your Options Discover OurSpecial Programs Step outside the curriculum. Join a living-learning community. At USF, we
invite you to explore your passions. Previous slide Next slide Black Achievement Success & Engagement Grow, learn,
discover, and thrive in academic and extracurricular programs for students of African descent. Learn More Honors
College Cross disciplines. Dive deep. Learn from world-renowned scholars, writers, artists, and scientists. Learn More
Pre-Health In the Pre-Health Professions Advising program at USF, you receive guidance and support to prepare for a
career in the health professions. Learn More Rhetoric & Language Excel in all aspects of communication, literacy, and
rhetoric. Learn More St. Ignatius Institute Use your imagination, creativity, and critical analysis to promote the
common good. Learn More Undergraduate Teacher Credential Interested in teaching? Learn to thrive in urban classrooms
and to become agents of social justice in your community. Learn More Go Farther, Faster 4+1 Programs Earn a bachelor's
and master's degree from USF in five years. Get a 50 percent discount on your fifth year. Launch into the working world
sooner. Explore 4+1 Programs Alexandra Davis '20 Computer Science Learning here feels super personal. I have friends at
Davis '20 Computer Science Take the Next StepGraduate Programs Study with experts. Network with leaders. Connect with
classmates. Find the graduate program that fits your future. Explore Graduate Programs Move UpCertificate Programs
International Development Economics Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA
94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external)
Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media
Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title
of San Francisco
Title: Apply to USF - Graduate Admission | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/admission/graduate/apply-to-usf 
 Apply to USF - Graduate Admission | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term
Search: Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu
Link) Students Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots
Agents for Change Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San
Francisco's University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus
Downtown San Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President &
Leadership Board of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics
Learn to Create Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs
Dual Degree Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support
Undergraduate Research Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions
Advising Graduate & Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates
Executive Education The San Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of
Arts & Sciences School of Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries
Admission & Aid Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates &
Deadlines Meet Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources
International Graduate Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price
Calculator Types of Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty &
Student Research Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies
Center for Teaching Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for
Catholic Social Thought & the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good
Innovation Labs Star Route Farms Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City
The Campus Experience Arts & Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student
Activities Student Employment Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing
Dining on Campus Career Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events GRADUATE ADMISSION Apply to
USF Home Admission & Aid Graduate Admission Apply to USF Ready to apply to a graduate program? Graduate Admission
Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate International Graduate Certificate of Finance English
Language Proficiency REQUEST INFO Visit USF REQUEST INFO Visit Start by selecting your intended school or college below
to see program information, the link to apply, and the start term(s). Please note that programs may be full-time or
part-time, and some may require employment as part of their degree requirements. College of Arts and Sciences Applied
Economics Apply Now Program Information Biology Apply Now Program Information Biotechnology Apply Now Program
Information Chemistry Apply Now Program Information Computer Science Apply Now Program Information Computer Science
Bridge Apply Now Program Information Data Science Apply Now Program Information Energy Systems Management Apply Now
Program Information Environmental Management Apply Now Program Information International and Development Economics
Apply Now Program Information International Studies Apply Now Program Information Migration Studies Apply Now Program
Information Museum Studies Apply Now Program Information Professional Communication Apply Now Program Information
Public Leadership Apply Now Program Information Sport Management Apply Now Program Information Urban and Public Affairs
Apply Now Program Information Writing Apply Now Program Information School of Education Catholic Educational Leadership
EdD Apply Now Program Information Catholic Educational Leadership MA Apply Now Program Information Educational
Technology Program Information Higher Education and Student Affairs Apply Now Program Information Human Rights
Education Apply Now Program Information International and Multicultural Education EdD Apply Now Program Information
International and Multicultural Education MA Apply Now Program Information Learning and Instruction EdD Apply Now
Program Information Marriage and Family Therapy Apply Now Program Information Organization and Leadership EdD Apply Now
Program Information Organization and Leadership MA Apply Now Program Information School Counseling with Credential
Apply Now Program Information Special Education MA Credential Apply Now Program Information TESOL Apply Now Program
Information Teaching - TESOL with Credential Apply Now Program Information Teaching MAT with Credential Apply Now
Program Information Teaching Reading Apply Now Program Information Teaching - Concentration in Catholic Education MA
with Credential Apply Now Program Information Teaching - Education Technology MA with Credential Apply Now Program
Information Teaching - Urban Education and Social Justice with Credential Apply Now Program Information School of Law
JD Law Program Apply Now Program Information LLM Law Programs Apply Now Program Information School of Management MBA -
Full-Time Apply Now Program Information MBA - Part-Time Apply Now Program Information MBA - Executive Apply Now Program
Information Entrepreneurship and Innovation Apply Now Program Information Financial Analysis Information Systems Apply
Now Program Information Marketing Intelligence Apply Now Program Information Nonprofit Administration - Full-Time
Nonprofit Administration - Part-Time Organization Development Program Information Public Administration Apply Now
Program Information School of Nursing and Health Professions Clinical Psychology PsyD Apply Now Program Information
Digital Health Informatics Program Information Family Nurse Practitioner DNP Apply Now Program Information Master of
Public Health Apply Now Program Information MSN for Registered Nurses Apply Now Program Information MSN for Non-Nurses
Apply Now Program Information Psychiatric Mental Health Nurse Practitioner DNP Apply Now Program Information Check Your
Application Status To access the Applicant Portal and check your application status, please use your applicant
credentials to login. Manage Your Application Access Applicant Portal Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130
Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is
external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us
Directory Careers at USF News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps &
Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Visit Give to USF myUSF Consumer Information Privacy Statement Web
Title: Undergraduate Admission | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/admission/undergraduate 
 Undergraduate Admission | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply
(Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students
Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change
Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's
University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San
Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board
of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create
Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree
Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research
Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate &
Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San
Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of
Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid
Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet
Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate
Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of
Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research
Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching
Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought
& the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms
Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts &
Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment
Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career
Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events ADMISSION & AID Undergraduate Admission Home
Admission & Aid Undergraduate Admission Find your purpose Learn how to use your education to promote justice and
compassion, all while living in one of the most inspiring cities in the world. Undergraduate Admission First-Year
Students First-Year Students What We Look For AP / IB / College Credit Test Optional ED / EA / RD First-Year Class
Profile First-Year Nursing Admission Transfer Students Transfer Students Transfer Credit Transferable Course Agreements
Nursing Transfer Requirements Engineering Transfer Requirements International Students International Students
International First-Year Students International Transfer Students English Language Proficiency International Cost of
Attendance Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet Your Admission Team Meet Your Admission Team Admission Counselors Student
Ambassadors Admission Events Admission Events Event Recordings REQUEST INFO HOW TO APPLY Visit USF REQUEST APPLY Visit
Student Upcoming Events September 20 Explore USF - Prospective Nursing Day September 20, 2024 9:00AM - 1:00PM War
Memorial Gym October 3 Veteran Transfer Student Information Session October 3, 2024 4:00PM - 5:00PM October 4 Explore
come back any time to finish. First-Year Application Transfer Application Get the Details Majors & Minors Dates &
Deadlines What We Look For Test Optional Connect With Us Meet the Admission Team Admission Events Visit Campus Virtual
Tour @usfca_admission Instagram (link is external) TikTok (link is external) Powered by Curator.io Office of
Undergraduate Admission Main Campus admission@usfca.edu (415) 422-6563 Lone Mountain Main 2512800 Turk Blvd.San
Francisco, CA 94118 Hours Monday - Friday: 8:30 a.m. - 5 p.m. Fax (415) 422-2217 Site Footer University of San
Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external)
Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect
Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus
Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Visit Give to USF myUSF Consumer Information Privacy
Title: Graduate Programs | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/academics/find-your-program/graduate 
 Graduate Programs | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply (Menu
Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students
Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change
Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's
University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San
Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board
of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create
Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree
Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research
Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate &
Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San
Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of
Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid
Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet
Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate
Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of
Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research
Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching
Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought
& the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms
Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts &
Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment
Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career
Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events ACADEMICS Graduate Programs Undergraduate Majors &
Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree Programs Professional Certificates Home Academics Explore Our Programs Graduate
Programs Browse Full Listing I'm interested in I'm interested in Art & Design Business Computers & Technology Cultural
Studies Education Entertainment Humanities Law Leadership Marketing & Communications Math & Analytics Medicine & Health
Politics Public Policy Science Social Science I'm interested in Show Options I'm interested in RELATED PROGRAMS I want
to be a I want to be a Academic Advisor Account Executive Actor Advertising Manager Anthropologist Archeologist
Architect Archivist Athlete/Sport Administration Attorney/Lawyer Auditor Author/Writer Biologist Biotechnology Brand &
Product Management Business Business Consultant C-suite/Executive Campaign Manager Chemist Choreographer City Planner
Clinical Nurse Specialist Clinical Worker Coach Communications Leadership Communications Professional Community
Development Community Health Outreach Compliance Officer Computer Scientist Computer Training Specialist
Counselor/Therapist Creative Director Credit Analyst Curator Data Analyst Data Scientist Dentist Diplomat Disability
Specialist for Higher Ed Doctor Ecologist Economist Editor Education Administration Engineer Entrepreneur/Founder
Environmental Consultant Environmental Health Specialist Epidemiologist Fashion Designer Filmmaker Financial Consultant
Forensics Geneticist Government Official Graphic/Web Designer Health Information Specialist Health Policy Analyst
Historian Hospitality Manager Instructional Designer Interior Designer Interpreter Intervention Specialist
Journalist/Reporter Legal Program Associate Lobbyist Market Intelligence Expert Marketing Leadership Marketing
Professional Mathematician/Statistician Medical Researcher Musician NGO & Non-Profit Nurse Nurse Midwife Nurse
Practitioner Occupational Therapist Patent Prosecution Physical Therapist Physicist Policy Analyst/Maker Political
Consultant President Producer Professional Artist/Illustrator Project Manager Psychologist Public Health Nurse Public
Policy Advocate Public Relations Manager Researcher Risk Analyst Scientist Social Worker/Case Manager Sociologist
Software Developer Software Engineer Special Education Program Specialist Sponsorship Management Sustainability Manager
Teacher/Professor Theater Technician Translator Utility Analyst Youth Development Worker I want to be a Show Options I
want to be a RELATED PROGRAMS Filter Filter Filter Degree Degree Juris Doctor Master of Arts Master of Arts in Teaching
Master of Fine Arts Master of Business Administration Master of Laws Master of Legal Studies Master of Nonprofit
Administration Master of Public Administration Master of Public Health Master of Science Professional Science Master's
Doctor of Education Doctor of Nursing Practice Doctor of Psychology Non Degree School School College of Arts and
Sciences School of Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Location Campus
Downtown Main Campus Online - Zoom Orange County Sacramento Santa Rosa South Bay Interests Interests - Any -Art &
DesignLeadershipBusinessCultural StudiesEducationEntertainmentHumanitiesLawMarketing & CommunicationsMath &
AnalyticsMedicine & HealthPoliticsPublic PolicyScienceSocial ScienceComputers & Technology Career Goals Career Goals -
Any -Academic AdvisorAccount ExecutiveActorAdvertising ManagerAnthropologistArcheologistArchitectArchivistAthlete/Sport
AdministrationAttorney/LawyerAuditorAuthor/WriterBiologistBiotechnologyBrand & Product ManagementBusinessBusiness
ConsultantC-suite/ExecutiveCampaign ManagerChemistChoreographerCity PlannerClinical Nurse SpecialistClinical
WorkerCoachCommunications LeadershipCommunications ProfessionalCommunity DevelopmentCommunity Health OutreachCompliance
OfficerComputer ScientistComputer Training SpecialistCounselor/TherapistCreative DirectorCredit AnalystCuratorData
AnalystData ScientistDentistDiplomatDisability Specialist for Higher EdDoctorEcologistEconomistEditorEducation
AdministrationEngineerEntrepreneur/FounderEnvironmental ConsultantEnvironmental Health SpecialistEpidemiologistFashion
DesignerFilmmakerFinancial ConsultantForensicsGeneticistGovernment OfficialGraphic/Web DesignerHealth Information
SpecialistHealth Policy AnalystHistorianHospitality ManagerInstructional DesignerInterior
DesignerInterpreterIntervention SpecialistJournalist/ReporterLegal Program AssociateLobbyistMarket Intelligence
ExpertMarketing LeadershipMarketing ProfessionalMathematician/StatisticianMedical ResearcherMusicianNGO &
Non-ProfitNurseNurse MidwifeNurse PractitionerOccupational TherapistPatent ProsecutionPhysical TherapistPhysicistPolicy
Analyst/MakerPolitical ConsultantPresidentProducerProfessional Artist/IllustratorProject ManagerPsychologistPublic
Health NursePublic Policy AdvocatePublic Relations ManagerResearcherRisk AnalystScientistSocial Worker/Case
ManagerSociologistSoftware DeveloperSoftware EngineerSpecial Education Program SpecialistSponsorship
ManagementSustainability ManagerTeacher/ProfessorTheater TechnicianTranslatorUtility AnalystYouth Development Worker
Applied Economics, MS Graduate Learn to acquire, visualize, and analyze data. Use data to understand consumers, to
solve problems, to make smart decisions, and to land a job you love. Biology, MS Graduate Join a real-world research
project led by a faculty member. Learn by doing. Get on the inside track for industry jobs or for medical and PhD
programs. Biotechnology, PSM Graduate In the world's biotech hub, combine research with business in topics ranging from
business development to ethical manufacturing. Business Administration - Executive, MBA Graduate Deepen your leadership
competencies, refine your business skills, and broaden your experience in solving global business issues with an EMBA
from USF. Business Administration - Part-Time, MBA Graduate USF's Part-Time MBA empowers Bay Area professionals to
accelerate your career with a program that offers a personalized curriculum and flexible timeline. Business
Administration - Full-Time, MBA Graduate A full-time MBA degree program that offers an experience-based curriculum that
draws on the entrepreneurial spirit and innovation of the SF Bay Area. Catholic Educational Leadership, MA Graduate
Prepare to lead in Catholic elementary and secondary schools and in diocesan positions. Catholic Educational
Leadership, EdD Doctoral Acquire the knowledge and tools needed to become a leader in Catholic education. Explore
instruction, multicultural education, leadership, and educational tech. Chemistry, MS Graduate Work on real research
projects led by faculty members. Prepare for a career in R&D, for teaching at high school or community college, or for
further study. Clinical Psychology, PsyD Doctoral Clinical Nurse Leader (MEO), MSN Graduate Computer Science Bridge, MS
Graduate Build a bridge from where you are to where you want to go. Earn a master's degree in computer science without
having a computer science background. Computer Science, MS Graduate Develop software. Dive into systems, networking,
AI, and distributed programming. Explore algorithms and computer theory. Learn what you need to succeed as a software
engineer or software developer. Data Science, MS Graduate In the heart of the city that invents tomorrow, learn to
Technology with Teaching Credential, MA Graduate Educational Technology, MA Graduate Use technology to increase student
engagement, motivation, and learning. Energy Systems Management, MS Graduate Study with experts. Network with leaders.
Learn the science and systems, policy and programs, economics and finance of a sustainable energy future.
Entrepreneurship & Innovation, MS Graduate Environmental Management, MS Graduate Family Nurse Practitioner, DNP
Doctoral Health Systems Leadership, DNP Doctoral Higher Education & Student Affairs, MA Graduate Combine a rigorous
academic curriculum with practicum experiences in various areas of student life. Address equity and inspire change in
higher education. Human Rights Education, MA Graduate Learn about human rights education in the classroom and
community. Prepare to tackle inequities of race, class, gender, sexual identity, religion, and nation. Information
Systems, MS Graduate Come earn your master's in information systems at USF. Learn to make a difference in any
organization. And do it all in downtown San Francisco. Intellectual Property & Technology Law, LLM Graduate The program
equips students with a strong grounding in legal theory and practical skills to pursue gainful employment in the
intellectual property field in the U.S. and abroad. International Transactions & Comparative Law, LLM Graduate Students
in the Master of Laws in International Transactions and Comparative Law program choose to specialize in one of two
areas. International & Development Economics, MS Graduate International Studies, MA Graduate Explore cultures and
social movements. Do internships and fieldwork. Tackle local issues on a global scale. Seek justice for all.
International & Multicultural Education, MA Graduate Understand formal and informal education within its sociocultural,
linguistic, and political contexts around the world. International & Multicultural Education, EdD Doctoral Understand
education within diverse sociocultural, linguistic, political, and economic contexts. Acquire skills you need in
scholarship, teaching, and advocacy. Learning & Instruction, EdD Doctoral Turn your professional interests into applied
research problems. Study learning theory, research methods, assessment, and curriculum and learning environments.
Marketing Intelligence, MS Graduate Elevate your company and your career with a Master of Science in Marketing
Intelligence. Marriage & Family Therapy, MA Graduate Master of Legal Studies in Taxation, MLST Graduate Master of Legal
Studies in Taxation (MLST) students attend courses alongside the LLM in Taxation students taught by USF's preeminent
scholars, enriching the learning and teaching environment for students in both programs. Migration Studies, MA Graduate
Learn policy and practice. Do internships and fieldwork. Seek justice for migrants. Museum Studies, MA Graduate Prepare
for leadership positions in artistic, cultural, and heritage organizations that operate in a constantly changing social
dynamic. Nursing, MSN Graduate Organization Development, MS Graduate Organization & Leadership, MA Graduate Pagination
Current page 1 Page 2 Next page Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA
94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external)
Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media
Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title
of San Francisco
Title: California License Examination Passage Rates | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/student-consumer-information/california-license-examination-passage-rates 
 California License Examination Passage Rates | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search
Term Search: Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link)
(Menu Link) Students Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit
Roots Agents for Change Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral
San Francisco's University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus
Downtown San Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President &
Leadership Board of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics
Learn to Create Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs
Dual Degree Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support
Undergraduate Research Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions
Advising Graduate & Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates
Executive Education The San Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of
Arts & Sciences School of Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries
Admission & Aid Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates &
Deadlines Meet Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources
International Graduate Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price
Calculator Types of Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty &
Student Research Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies
Center for Teaching Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for
Catholic Social Thought & the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good
Innovation Labs Star Route Farms Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City
The Campus Experience Arts & Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student
Activities Student Employment Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing
Dining on Campus Career Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events California License
Examination Passage Rates Per California Assembly Bill (AB) 2086, the following information is made available to
provide access to California license examination passage rates for graduates of the University of San Francisco
programs that require California licensure. Data will continue to be updated as California licensing and/or regulatory
agencies make the data electronically available. Registered Nurse (RN) CA Teacher Preparation (Credential) Site Footer
University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link
is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is
external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore
Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Visit Give to USF myUSF Consumer Information
Title: Home - Gleeson Library | Geschke Center - Gleeson Library at University of San Francisco
 url: https://library.usfca.edu/ 
 Home - Gleeson Library | Geschke Center - Gleeson Library at University of San Francisco Skip to Main Content Toggle
navigation My Library Accounts Giving Search This Site Search Find Materials Databases Journal Finder Encyclopedias &
Reference Books Videos Statistics & Data Start Your Search FusionLink is external Ignacio Library CatalogLink is
external Using the Library Access & Borrowing Access & Privileges Borrow & Renew Document Delivery Interlibrary Loan
Course Reserves Connect to Online Resources Spaces & Technology Study Areas & Rooms Building Directory Copy, Print,
Scan Computers Systems Status Research Help Research Help Ask A Librarian Research Guides Subject Specialists Citing
Sources Teaching Support Instruction Course Reserves Setup Recommend a Purchase Copyright Information Open Access &
Open Education Digital Publishing Digital Publishing Services Transformative Agreements Collections Notable Collections
USF Scholarship RepositoryLink is external Special Collections & University Archives Digital Collections Government
Information USF Seed Library Zine Library About Our Collections Collection Development Policy Collection Development
Diversity Statement Harmful Language Statement Digital Bookplates About About Gleeson Library Hours & Location Gleeson
Gleanings BlogLink is external Events, Displays, Exhibits Our Values & Initiatives Staff Directory Employment Give to
the LibraryLink is external Other USF Libraries Zief Law LibraryLink is external My Library Accounts Giving Search This
Site Gleeson LibraryGleeson LibraryHomepageGleeson Library | Geschke CenterHome Search this GuideSearch Gleeson Library
Library | Geschke Center Homepage USF_arrow_icon_wht Search FUSION Search FUSION Keyword Title Author More Research
Tools Databases Encyclopedias Journal Finder Ignacio Library Catalog Today's HOURS More Hours Get Started Students
Faculty Alumni & Visitors Research Guides Course Reserves Citing Sources Borrow & Renew Group Study Rooms Laptops
What's HAPPENING at the Library Service Update LINK+ Cancelled at the End of Spring Semester 2024 Interlibrary Loan
Conference Librarian Annie Pho Receives Madrina Legacy Award The award recognizes Annie's legacy of support for women
of color at Gleeson Library and beyond. Open Access $1.5M Secured for Open Textbooks Pilot Grant The awarded funds will
support the creation and use of open educational resources at Gleeson Library and three partner libraries. Featured
COLLECTIONS Digital Collections Digitized special collections from the Donohue Rare Book Room, archival materials
related to university and local history, and more. USF Scholarship Repository Intellectual work produced by faculty,
students, and staff at USF. USF Seed Library Free seeds and information on how to start your own garden. Government
Information We are a Federal Depository Library. Events, Displays, Exhibits Join us for for special events and
workshops. Explore displays and exhibits created by library staff and students. Check our calendar Gleeson Gleanings
Blog Stay up to date with the library and what we have on offer. Learn about our resources and what we're working on.
Read our blog Connect With Us Online @gleesonlibrary Facebook (opens in new window) Instagram (opens in new window)
Twitter (opens in new window) YouTube (opens in new window) Last Updated: Aug 6, 2024 9:30 AM URL:
https://library.usfca.edu/home Print Page Staff Login University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton StreetSan Francisco,
CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow Us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) Twitter (link is external)
YouTube (link is external) Contact Ask A Librarian Systems Status Report A Problem Get Started Students Faculty Alumni
& Visitors Library Staff Staff Resources Staff Guides LibApps Login USFCA.EDU APPLY VISIT MYUSF Consumer Information
Title: Alumni Resources - Priscilla A. Scotlan Career Services Center | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/life-at-usf/career-services-center/alumni 
 Alumni Resources - Priscilla A. Scotlan Career Services Center | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu
Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving
Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission &
Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions
Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San
Francisco Main Campus Downtown San Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage
Rates President & Leadership Board of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office
USF News Academics Learn to Create Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors
Graduate Programs Dual Degree Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic
Support Undergraduate Research Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health
Professions Advising Graduate & Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional
Certificates Executive Education The San Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges
College of Arts & Sciences School of Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health
Professions Libraries Admission & Aid Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International
Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions
Student Resources International Graduate Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of
Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty &
Research Faculty & Student Research Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia
Pacific Studies Center for Teaching Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane
Center for Catholic Social Thought & the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common
Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the
City The Campus Experience Arts & Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student
Activities Student Employment Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing
Dining on Campus Career Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events PRISCILLA A. SCOTLAN CAREER
SERVICES CENTER Alumni Resources Home Life at USF Career Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources Searching for your
Face-to-Face or virtual appointments to discuss career development, free for one year after graduation and then $75 for
up to (3) 30-minute appointments per calendar year. All alumni are eligible for one complimentary appointment or
drop-in every twelve months. Get Involved! Post a job or internship. Join NetworkUSF to offer career advice to current
students. Become a Mentor Would you like to help someone develop academically and professionally? Become a Mentor. As
an alumni mentor you gain a sense of accomplishment and pride from helping a future colleague and member of the Dons
family. You'll become a valuable source of advice and guidance. How much time you commit is up to you. Please note that
it is not a mentor's responsibility to find employment for a student. Priscilla A. Scotlan Career Services Center Main
Campus careerservices@usfca.edu (415) 422-6216 2130 Fulton StreetUniversity Center, 5th FloorSan Francisco, CA 94117
Hours Mon-Fri, 9 a.m. - 5 p.m. Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA
94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external)
Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media
Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title
of San Francisco
Title: Cookie Consent | Products | OneTrust
 url: https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-consent/ 
 Cookie Consent | Products | OneTrust Skip to main content Why OneTrust Products Trust Intelligence Platform Platform
Overview Our Trust Intelligence Platform fosters trusted innovation with data and artificial intelligence across
privacy, security, and ethics initiatives. Explore the new DataGuidance Access regulatory analysis from over 40+
in-house researchers and a network of 1500+ lawyers across 300 jurisdictions to simplify global compliance. Pricing
Security Consent & Preferences AI Governance Technology Risk & Compliance Compliance Automation Third-Party Risk Ethics
Program Management Speak-Up Program Management Third-Party Due Diligence Solutions In the spotlight Map the future of
AI While AI technology offers immense potential for businesses, it also presents risks and requires governance. See how
OneTrust can help. Get ready for DORA Learn how the OneTrust platform can help you implement proactive measures to
comply with the new Digital Operational Resilience Act. Explore by use case Mature your data privacy program Understand
your AI footprint Enhance risk visibility across third-party lifecycle Preserve and enrich your first-party data
Optimize your risk and compliance lifecycle Understand and secure your sensitive data Advance your ethics program
Explore by regulation US Privacy DORA GDPR EU AI Act CCPA LGPD (Brazil) CPRA SOC 2 View all regulations Resources Learn
Resource Hub OneTrust Blog Podcasts Training & Certifications Are you a data privacy professional? Learn more about our
newest Data Discovery & Governance Professional certification track. Implement Trust Center RFP Template Professional
Services Get Help Help Center Log in: myOneTrust Access product documentation, request support, or share ideas through
myOneTrust. Community OneTrust Community TrustWeek Connect Workshops DataGuidance Research myOneTrust TrustWeek Join us
for our annual conference and discover where trust can take your business Learn, discover, and network with leading
privacy, security and ethics professionals. 15-16 October Madrid, Spain Connect Workshops Connect globally, network
locally Learn about the topics that matter most to you, earn CPE credits, and network with other professionals in your
area. 85 Chapters 150 Meetings 20,000 Members Company Company About Us Centers of Excellence Culture & Values Partners
Customer Stories Careers Newsroom Contact Us Join our team OneTrust is a certified Great Place to Work 2,000+ Employees
10 Global offices Newsroom Get the latest news, announcements, views, and more Request demo Contact sales Choose a site
and consent management Regulatory and societal trends emphasize the importance of personal data consent. More than
trackers, pixels, beacons, and more across your websiteCustomize out-of-the-box consent banners according to your brand
and regional needsEasily deploy banners across domains with pre-built MarTech integrations Request demo Contact sales
Operationalize cookie consent Audit your website Identify and maintain an evergreen inventory of all first- and
third-party cookies and tracking technologies across your website. Use advanced scanning to simulate the user
largest database of over 45 million pre-categorized cookies to group trackers by purpose. Clarify and update cookie
names at any time using intuitive descriptions, vendor information, and lifespans. Easily configure the consent
experience Professionally designed templates empower you to create a seamless user experience with custom branding,
support for more than 250 languages, and geolocation rules to display different banners and consent models based on
region, country, or state. Enable cookie auto-blocking to ensure compliance Use no-code cookie blocking, tag manager
integrations, or script re-writing to block trackers until explicit consent is gained. Enable support for industry
frameworks and vendor-specific opt-outs. Automate scanning and maintain records Schedule regular scans on your website
and auto-populate your updated cookie list into your privacy or cookie policies. Demonstrate compliance with a detailed
user consent transaction database. Optimize your cookie consent banner to maximize opt-ins Experiment with A/B testing
to deploy template variations, measure consent, and drive opt-ins. Define attributes and logic using template targeting
and sync consent of known users across devices. Extend your consent options Extend cookie consent to Mobile App Consent
and OTT & CTV Consent, managing all user consent and preferences through the OneTrust platform. DATA DISCOVERY &
CLASSIFICATION September 24, 2024 Enhancing Data Governance: OneTrust and Snowflake strategies for data-driven
businesses Join us for a webinar with Jim Warner and Alex Cash to explore how Snowflake and OneTrust can revolutionize
your data governance strategy, helping you maintain data quality, ensure compliance, and exceed marketing ROI in 2024.
Read more Related products Clear Filters Universal Consent and Preference Management Enhance trusted personalization
and demonstrate data privacy compliance with our consent and preference management software. Learn more Mobile App
Consent Our mobile app consent software enables you to scan for SDKs, collect valid consent and provide visibility into
how your mobile app is sharing data. Learn more OTT and CTV Consent Give your customers control of their consent and
preferences across Over-the-Top apps and Connected TV with OneTrust OTT and CTV Consent. Learn more Ready to get
started? Request a free demo today to see how OneTrust can guide your trust transformation journey Request demo Contact
sales Your partner in trust transformation Top Searches Trust Center Consent and Preferences Third-Party Risk Training
& Certifications Resources PDPL and third-party risk Navigating the intersection: Third-party risk management in South
Africa's evolving data landscape Privacy automation 101: Simplifying data mapping and risk assessments Platform Why
OneTrust Platform Pricing OneTrust Integrations: The Future of Privacy Management Company About Us Careers Newsroom
Centers of Excellence Legal and Compliance Information Latest News OneTrust on Track to Surpass $500M in ARR as Demand
for Responsible Data and AI Solutions Skyrockets OneTrust Named Winner in the 12th Annual Global InfoSec Awards at RSA
Conference 2024 OneTrust Unveils New Capabilities to Discover, Secure, and Responsibly Use Data Contact Us Contact Us
Request Demo Privacy Matters Our privacy center makes it easy to see how we collect and use your information. Your
privacy When we collect your personal information, we always inform you of your rights and make it easy for you to
exercise them. Where possible, we also let you manage your preferences about how much information you choose to share
policies Privacy Overview Privacy Notice Cookie Notice Trust Center Your rights Exercise Your Rights Manage Your
Communication Preferences
Title: The Undergraduate Experience | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/academics/undergraduate-experience 
 The Undergraduate Experience | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search:
Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link)
Students Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents
for Change Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San
Francisco's University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus
Downtown San Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President &
Leadership Board of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics
Learn to Create Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs
Dual Degree Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support
Undergraduate Research Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions
Advising Graduate & Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates
Executive Education The San Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of
Arts & Sciences School of Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries
Admission & Aid Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates &
Deadlines Meet Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources
International Graduate Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price
Calculator Types of Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty &
Student Research Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies
Center for Teaching Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for
Catholic Social Thought & the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good
Innovation Labs Star Route Farms Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City
The Campus Experience Arts & Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student
Activities Student Employment Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing
Dining on Campus Career Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events The Undergraduate Experience
Home Academics The Undergraduate Experience Bond with classmates who share your interests. Network with professors who
share their research. Expand your horizons with classes from all disciplines. Seize the energy of the city by the bay.
Come Learn to Change the World Core Curriculum Explore all of your options through the core curriculum, the heart and
soul of our liberal arts education. Core Curriculum Majors & Minors Explore more than 40 majors and more than 70 minors
at USF. Majors & Minors Undergraduate Research Join professors on research projects and connect with people making a
difference. Undergraduate Research Honors College Explore your interests in classes that dive deep. Work with people
whose energy matches yours. Honors College Study Abroad Choose from more than 100 programs in 45 countries across the
globe. Study Abroad Get Academic Support Get the help you need to succeed in school and in life. Academic Support 13:1
student-to-faculty ratio Top 30% among national universities U.S. News & World Report 2024 74% Undergraduates received
scholarships Best College ranked a best college for Veterans U.S. News & World Report 2024 5,969 Undergraduates from 49
Got a Question? Ask a Don! Ask our student ambassadors anything about USF. They'll answer! Ask a Don About USF Keep
Exploring The San Francisco Connection Schools & Colleges Faculty & Student Research Take the Next Step Undergraduate
Admission Request Info Visit USF Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA
94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external)
Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media
Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title
of San Francisco
Title: Our Faculty | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/faculty-research/faculty 
 Our Faculty | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply (Menu Link)
(Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students Parents
Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change
Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's
University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San
Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board
of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create
Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree
Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research
Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate &
Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San
Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of
Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid
Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet
Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate
Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of
Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research
Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching
Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought
& the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms
Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts &
Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment
Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career
Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events Our Faculty Home Faculty & Research Our Faculty In
the News May 20, 2024 Take 5: Computer Science Professor Takes on Gerrymandering May 2, 2024 Meet Your Professor: Rita
Bullwinkel December 21, 2023 Professors Celebrate a Year in Books December 15, 2023 USF Grad and Professor Supports
Half Moon Bay Farmworkers Faculty Directory Search by Name/Keyword Search by Name/Keyword Search by Name/Keyword By
School By School College of Arts and SciencesSchool of EducationSchool of LawSchool of ManagementSchool of Nursing &
Health ProfessionsMagazine By Program By Program - Any -Accounting, BSBAAccounting, MinorAdvertising, BAAfrican
American Studies, MinorAfrican Studies, MinorAI and Data Ethics, CertificateAnthropology, MinorApplied Economics,
BS/MSApplied Economics, MSApplied Machine Learning, CertificateArabic San Francisco, CertificateArchitectural
Engineering, MinorArchitecture, BAArt History & Museum Studies, BAArt History, MinorAsian Pacific American Studies,
MinorAsian Studies, BAAsian Studies, MinorAstronomy, MinorAstrophysics, MinorBehavioral Health, MPHBiochemistry,
MinorBiology, BSBiology, MinorBiology, MSBiotechnology, PSMBusiness Administration - Executive, MBABusiness
Administration - Full-Time, MBABusiness Administration - Part-Time, MBABusiness Analytics ProgramBusiness Analytics,
BSBABusiness Analytics, MinorBusiness, MinorCatholic Educational Leadership, EdDCatholic Educational Leadership,
MACatholic Studies, MinorCertified Customer Success Account Management Level IICertified Customer Success Manager Level
I, CourseCertified Customer Success Manager Level II, CourseCertified Customer Success Manager Level III,
CourseCertified Customer Success Relationship & Expansion Management Level IIIChemical Physics, MinorChemistry,
BSChemistry, MinorChemistry, MSChicanx & Latinx Studies, MinorChild & Youth Studies, MinorChinese Studies,
MinorClassical Studies, MinorClean Energy Systems CertificateClinical Nurse Leader (MEO), MSNClinical Psychology,
PsyDCommunication Studies, BAComparative Literature and Culture, MinorComputer Science Bridge, MSComputer Science,
BSComputer Science, MSCorporate Innovation CertificateCorporate Innovation ProgramCriminal Justice Studies,
MinorCritical Diversity Studies, BACustomer Retention & Expansion Management CertificationDance, MinorData Science for
Marketing, CertificateData Science, BSData Science, MSDeep Learning Part I, CertificateDeep Learning Part II,
CertificateDental Surgery, DDS/MBADesign, BADesign, MinorDigital Health Informatics, MSEconomics, BSEducation
Specialist Credential for Special EducationEducation: Liberal Studies, BAEducational Technology with Credential,
MAEducational Technology, MAEnergy Systems Management, MSEnergy Systems Management, MS/MBAEngineering Physics,
MinorEngineering, BSEnglish in Literature, MinorEnglish in Writing, MinorEnglish, BAEntrepreneurship & Innovation,
BSBAEntrepreneurship & Innovation, MinorEntrepreneurship & Innovation, MSEnvironmental Engineering, MinorEnvironmental
Management, MSEnvironmental Management, MS/MBAEnvironmental Science, BSEnvironmental Studies, BAEuropean Studies,
MinorFamily Nurse Practitioner, DNPFilm Studies, MinorFinance, BSBAFine Arts, BAFine Arts, MinorFinish the Book: A
Novel IntensiveFoundations in Data Science, CertificateFrench Studies, BAFrench Studies, MinorFundamentals of Deep
Learning, CertificateGender & Sexualities Studies, MinorGenerative AI for Coders, CertificateGeoPandas for Data
Analysis, CertificateGeospatial Analysis LabGerman Studies, MinorGerontology, MinorGraduate AdmissionHealth Studies,
MinorHealth Systems Leadership, DNPHebrew San Francisco CertificateHigher Education & Student Affairs, MAHistory,
BAHistory, MinorHonors Program for Business MajorsHospitality Management, BSBAHospitality Management, MinorHuman Rights
Education, MAHumanistic Management, MinorInformation Systems, MSInnovations in Culinary Health CourseIntellectual
Property & Technology Law, LLMInternational & Development Economics (4+1), BS/MSInternational & Development Economics,
MSInternational & Multicultural Education, EdDInternational & Multicultural Education, MAInternational Business,
BSBAInternational Studies (4+1), BA/MAInternational Studies, BAInternational Studies, MAInternational Transactions &
Comparative Law, LLMIntro to Data Science Series, CertificateIntroduction to Machine Learning, CertificateIntroduction
to Unity, CertificateInvestment, MinorJapanese Studies, BAJapanese Studies, MinorJD ProgramJEDI, Jewish Studies, and
Social Justice CertificateJewish Studies & Social Justice, MinorJournalism, MinorKinesiology, BSLarge Language Models
for Coders, CertificateLatin American Studies, BALatin American Studies, MinorLearning & Instruction, EdDLegal Studies
in Taxation, MLSTLegal Studies, MinorManagement, BAMManagement, BSBAMarketing Intelligence, MSMarketing, BSBAMarriage &
Family Therapy, MAMathematics, BSMBA/JDMedia Studies, BAMiddle Eastern Studies, MinorMigration Studies, MAMuseum
Studies, MAMuseum Studies, MinorMusic, MinorNatural Science, MinorNeuroscience, BSNeuroscience, MinorNursing,
BSNNursing, MSNOrganization & Leadership, EdDOrganization & Leadership, MAOrganization Development, MSPandas and NumPy
for Data Analysis, CertificatePeace & Justice Studies, MinorPerforming Arts & Social Justice, BAPhilippine Studies,
MinorPhilosophy, BAPhysics, BSPolitics, BAPre-Law ProgramsProfessional Communication, MAPsychiatric Mental Health Nurse
Practitioner, DNPPsychology, BAPublic Administration, MPAPublic Health, BSPublic Health, MPHPublic Leadership
CertificatePublic Leadership, MAPublic Policy + Urban and Public Affairs (4+1), BA/BS-MAPublic Policy, MinorPublic
Relations, MinorPublic Service & Community Engagement, MinorPython for Data Analysis, CertificateRegistered Nurses,
RN-MSNRenewable Energy Finance CertificateSchool Counseling with Credential, MAScience, Technology, Engineering, Math
(STEM) Education, MinorSilicon Valley Immersion CertificateSilicon Valley Immersion ProgramSociology, BASpanish
Studies, BASpecial Education with Credential, MASport Management, MSSQL for Data Analysis, CertificateTaxation,
LLMTeacher Preparation Dual Degree (4+1)Teaching English to Speakers of Other Languages with Credential, MATeaching
English to Speakers of Other Languages, MATeaching Reading Master's Program with Credential, MATeaching with
Credential, Catholic Education Concentration, MATTeaching with Credential, MATTheater, MinorTheology & Religious
Studies, BATransformative School Leadership, PASC CredentialUndergraduate Teacher Credential ProgramUrban & Public
Affairs, MAUrban Agriculture, MinorUrban Education & Social Justice with Credential, MATWriting, MFA By Faculty Role By
Faculty Role Dean Senior Associate Dean Associate Dean Assistant Dean Department Chair Program Director Interim Program
Director Academic Director Program Coordinator Administrative Director Full-Time Faculty Part-Time Faculty Instructor
Faculty Emeritus Retired Faculty Visiting Faculty Fellows Nnenna Abaeze Adjunct Professor nabaeze@usfca.edu Adam
Abelkop Director, Legal Research, Writing, and Analysis Program & Associate Professor of Legal Writing
aabelkop@usfca.edu Zief Law Library, Room 14 Graciela Acedo Adjunct Professor gacedo@usfca.edu KG Dance Studio Salvador
Acevedo Adjunct Professor soacevedo@usfca.edu Marianna Adgemian Adjunct Professor madgemian@usfca.edu Amir V. Adibi
Adjunct Professor amir@adibiip.com John M. Adler Faculty Emeritus adlerj@usfca.edu Neda Afshar Adjunct Professor
nafshar2@usfca.edu Noopur Agarwal Associate Professor nagarwal3@usfca.edu XARTS 004 Nola Agha Professor nagha@usfca.edu
Keep Exploring Find Your Program The Undergraduate Experience The Graduate Experience Take the Next Step Admission &
Aid Visit USF The Value of a USF Education Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San
Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link
is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News &
Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety
University of San Francisco
Title: Innovation Labs - Faculty & Research | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/faculty-research/labs 
 Innovation Labs - Faculty & Research | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term
Search: Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu
Link) Students Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots
Agents for Change Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San
Francisco's University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus
Downtown San Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President &
Leadership Board of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics
Learn to Create Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs
Dual Degree Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support
Undergraduate Research Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions
Advising Graduate & Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates
Executive Education The San Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of
Arts & Sciences School of Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries
Admission & Aid Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates &
Deadlines Meet Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources
International Graduate Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price
Calculator Types of Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty &
Student Research Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies
Center for Teaching Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for
Catholic Social Thought & the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good
Innovation Labs Star Route Farms Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City
The Campus Experience Arts & Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student
Activities Student Employment Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing
Dining on Campus Career Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events FACULTY & RESEARCH Innovation
Labs Home Faculty & Research Innovation Labs Come dream, do, make, create, collaborate, ask questions, and find
solutions in our state-of-the-art facilities. Create Real Projects for the Real World Imagine and build real-world
solutions. The Innovation Hive is the physical and conceptual center of engineering at USF, featuring multiple spaces
that are accessible to the entire USF community. Innovation Hive Gain Technical Experience Previous slide Next slide
Data Institute Join us at the forefront of applied data science. As the umbrella organization for interdisciplinary
data science research, degree programs, and continuing education, the Data Institute creates new connections to
industry, research, and educational opportunities. Data Institute Bloomberg Lab Access historical and live market data.
Analyze how theoretical financial models perform in practice using Bloomberg terminals. The Bloomberg Lab is available
to School of Management students, with priority given to MS in Financial Analysis students. Bloomberg Lab Geospatial
Analysis Lab Develop an understanding of the geographic information science technologies and techniques, including
ArcGIS PRO, Google Earth Engine, LiDAR technologies, web mapping applications, remote sensing, GIS programming, and
more. Geospatial Analysis Lab MAGICS Lab Step inside MAGICS Lab, a research lab that focuses on machine learning,
artificial intelligence, game intelligence, and computing at scale. Magics Lab Improve Patient-Centered Care Learn,
develop, and improve patient-centered care. Interact with mannequins that simulate symptoms and conditions specific to
real-life patients and scenarios. Simulation Center & Clinical Skills Lab Conduct Experiments Lo Schiavo, S.J. Center
for Science and Innovation Make use of wet and dry laboratories, digital studios, and advanced instrument rooms. View
the campus map Harney Science Center Conduct lab research, visit the Fletcher Jones Microscopy Center, or step into the
View on the campus map Get Creative KUSF Get an inside look into the radio and music industry. KUSF is the University
of San Francisco's online radio station open to Media Studies students and other majors. KUSF Green Room Explore the
lighting and sound lab. Use a 3D printer, large format printer, and sewing machines in our maker space breakout room.
Green Room Media Lab Produce and edit video and audio work. The Media Lab is open to students enrolled in production
courses in the Media Studies Department. Media Lab Keep Exploring Research Centers & Institutes Our Faculty Global
Research Take the Next Step Admission & Aid Visit USF The Value of a USF Education Site Footer University of San
Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external)
Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect
Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus
Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Visit Give to USF myUSF Consumer Information Privacy
Title: Faculty & Research | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/faculty-research 
 Faculty & Research | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply (Menu
Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students
Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change
Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's
University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San
Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board
of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create
Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree
Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research
Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate &
Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San
Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of
Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid
Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet
Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate
Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of
Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research
Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching
Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought
& the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms
Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts &
Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment
Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career
Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events Faculty & Research Home Faculty & Research Come learn
by doing. Get your hands dirty in a lab as you assist a professor looking to cure a particular type of cancer. Edit a
faculty of world-renowned researchers and scholars has you working on and solving real-world problems as they guide you
every step of the way. Amalia Kokkinaki Assistant Professor What are the "aha" moments? When seniors are taking a
capstone course and are doing research at the same time, they start to understand the connection between everything
Faculty Fast Facts 96% Faculty who hold the highest or terminal degree in their field $1.5 million In undergraduate and
graduate research funds Top 50 For international students U.S. News & World Report 2024 100+ undergraduate and graduate
research lab of Professor Christina Tzagarakis-Foster since fall 2022. Mishra works with DAX1, a nuclear hormone
help research happen at USF. Research Centers & Institutes Innovation Labs Come dream, do, make, create, collaborate,
ask questions, and find solutions in our state-of-the-art facilities. Innovation Labs Star Route Farms Embrace
sustainability and escape the urban landscape in our self-sustaining organic farm. Star Route Farms Faculty News
Equipped to Lead and Succeed Take 5: Computer Science Professor Takes on Gerrymandering Faculty & Staff Achievements
Meet Your Professor: Rita Bullwinkel Faculty & Staff Achievements Professors Celebrate a Year in Books Keep Exploring
The Campus Experience Activism & Engagement Global Research Take the Next Step Admission & Aid Visit USF The Value of a
USF Education Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555
Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is
external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media Academics Academic
Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Visit Give
Title: Athletics | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/life-at-usf/campus-experience/athletics 
 Athletics | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply (Menu Link)
(Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students Parents
Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change
Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's
University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San
Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board
of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create
Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree
Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research
Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate &
Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San
Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of
Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid
Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet
Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate
Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of
Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research
Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching
Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought
& the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms
Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts &
Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment
Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career
Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events THE CAMPUS EXPERIENCE Athletics Home Life at USF The
community and in cura personalis, or the care of the whole person. We are the only Division I university in San
Francisco and we have a long history of success. USF has 13 team and individual national championships, 101 conference
runner Charlotte Taylor, and NFL Hall of Famer Ollie Matson of the undefeated and uninvited 1951 Dons football team.
Men's D-1 Teams Women's D-1 Teams Baseball Basketball Cross Country Golf Soccer Track and Field Basketball Beach
Volleyball Cross Country Golf Soccer Track and Field Triathlon Volleyball Remote video URL We offer more than 20 club
sports, including rugby, swimming, ultimate frisbee, and taekwondo; a thriving intramural program with leagues ranging
and a spirit squad that perform at our home games. Whatever your sport and whatever your level, you can play at USF.
And you can cheer, too. Your student ID grants you free access to home basketball, soccer, volleyball, and baseball
games, which are a great way to connect with fellow students and with neighbors who join us to support the Dons. We aim
Mogbo Headed to the NBA Jonathan Mogbo was selected by the Toronto Raptors with the 31st overall pick in the second
round of the 2024 NBA Draft, and is the first Don drafted since 1982. Read Jonathan's Story Olympic-Bound Dons Two
Games in Tokyo. Read the Story USF Dons News dons athletics Bluejays Topple Dons in High Scoring Affair dons athletics
Triathlon Dominates to Open New Year dons athletics Dons Narrowly Fall in Doubleheader at Rose City Showdown Upcoming
Events September 5 USF Women's Volleyball vs New Mexico State September 5, 2024 4:00PM - 6:00PM September 5 USF Women's
Soccer vs Southern California September 5, 2024 6:00PM - 8:00PM September 6 USF Women's Volleyball vs CSUN September 6,
2024 4:00PM - 6:00PM September 6 USF Men's Soccer at # Seattle U September 6, 2024 7:00PM - 9:00PM September 7 USF
Women's Volleyball at Sacramento State September 7, 2024 2:00PM - 4:00PM September 8 USF Men's Golf vs USFHoward
schedules as well tickets to Dons games. USF Dons Buy Tickets Athletics News Instagram (link is external) X (link is
external) YouTube (link is external) Flickr (link is external) Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton
Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external)
LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers
at USF News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour
Campus Safety Title IX Apply Visit Give to USF myUSF Consumer Information Privacy Statement Web Accessibility Copyright
Title: Recreation & Club Sports | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/life-at-usf/campus-experience/recreation-club-sports 
 Recreation & Club Sports | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply
(Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students
Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change
Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's
University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San
Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board
of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create
Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree
Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research
Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate &
Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San
Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of
Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid
Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet
Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate
Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of
Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research
Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching
Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought
& the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms
Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts &
Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment
Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career
Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events THE CAMPUS EXPERIENCE Recreation & Club Sports Home
Life at USF The Campus Experience Recreation & Club Sports Match point, not grade point. Home runs, not homework.
Playbooks, not textbooks. Are you game? Hit the Ground Running Meet and compete alongside fellow Dons who share a
passion for the same sport. Work within an individual or team structure in a recreational environment. Previous slide
Next slide Harness the Art of Dance Express yourself through contemporary or hip hop dance. Audition for the annual
spring performances. A recreational class is available for beginners and those not interested in joining the company.
Learn Self Defense Select from a variety of combat sports on campus, many of which compete in local and regional
competitions. USF has produced national champions in both boxing and judo, as well as many tournament medalists in
Brazilian jiu jitsu and taekwondo. Become Part of a Team Pick from a range of team sports, all of which practice on
campus. All of the teams are coached by former players with collegiate experience or higher. Motivate Yourself Choose
from a variety of individual sports. These clubs allow you to represent USF at events and tournaments of your choosing.
Big List of Club Sports Choose from club sports ranging from recreational to highly competitive. You are encouraged,
but not required, to compete. Club Sports Take Your Game to the Next Level We are the only Division I university in San
Francisco and we have a long history of success. Athletics Keep Exploring Koret Health & Recreation Center Clubs &
Organizations What's a Don? Take the Next Step Take a Virtual Tour Visit USF Admission Events Site Footer University of
San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external)
Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect
Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus
Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Visit Give to USF myUSF Consumer Information Privacy
Title: Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/institute-nonviolence-social-justice 
 Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search
Term Search: Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link)
(Menu Link) Students Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit
Roots Agents for Change Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral
San Francisco's University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus
Downtown San Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President &
Leadership Board of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics
Learn to Create Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs
Dual Degree Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support
Undergraduate Research Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions
Advising Graduate & Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates
Executive Education The San Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of
Arts & Sciences School of Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries
Admission & Aid Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates &
Deadlines Meet Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources
International Graduate Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price
Calculator Types of Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty &
Student Research Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies
Center for Teaching Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for
Catholic Social Thought & the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good
Innovation Labs Star Route Farms Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City
The Campus Experience Arts & Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student
Activities Student Employment Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing
Dining on Campus Career Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events Institute for Nonviolence and
Social Justice Home Faculty & Research Research Centers & Institutes Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice Photo
by Jason Francisco, Black Lives Matter protest, Atlanta, 2020. Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice Vision,
Mission, & Values History News & Editorials The USF Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice investigates,
illuminates, and advances the theory and practice of transformational nonviolence to confront and overcome injustice
and systemic violence and contribute to the just resolution of communal conflict. The institute focuses on the most
urgent social problems in our communities, across the nation, and around the world. It aims to bring attention to the
systemic, pervasive violence that plagues our society and world, to understand this violence as a public health crisis,
and to work to address it. The goal is to be useful to students, activists, and thinkers confronting injustice and
inhumanity in all forms. Remote video URL Video TranscriptWhat We Do The institute engages in the following activities
to support its vision, mission, and values: Convening and alliance building: Bringing together civil society and
community and religious leaders in multigenerational, interracial, and interfaith dialogue to promote transformative
nonviolence and truth and reconciliation processes Living history documentation and dissemination: Retrieval and
rights era, including stories, lessons, memories, documents, and records of Dr. Jones, other surviving members of Dr.
Development, publication, and dissemination of scholarly research, documentation, books, essays, digital media, and
other forms of creative expression Community training and conflict resolution: Conducting nonviolence and conflict
resolution education and training; representing organizations in public dispute negotiations and/or facilitating
consensus building in pursuit of justice and peace; partnering with schools and colleges to teach and train students in
the philosophy and methods of nonviolence; consulting with organizations seeking to heighten the efficacy of nonviolent
campaigns Engagement with the USF community: As an institute of the University of San Francisco, our primary commitment
is to the dedicated pursuit of educational activities to benefit USF students, faculty, staff and all members of our
community. We offer academic courses addressing fundamental issues related to our mission for USF undergraduate and
graduate students, and we make nonviolence trainings, workshops, and lecture series available to USF students and
community members. In The Midst of Legends We brought together generations of activists to honor Dr. Clarence B. Jones
and his lifelong commitment to justice. Read About The Celebration of Clarence B. Jones Our Stories Passion for Justice
Clarence B. Jones Honored with Presidential Medal of Freedom Campus Life Sterling K. Brown and Dr. Clarence B. Jones
Share Wisdom at USF Campus Life 2023: The Year in Review From Our Blog: A Fierce Urgency fierce urgency Carrying
forward the March on Washington fierce urgency Carrying forward the March on Washington fierce urgency With gratitude
Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice Main Campus nonviolence@usfca.edu (415) 422-5224 2130 Fulton St.San
Franciscio, CA 94117 Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA
94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external)
Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media
Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title
of San Francisco
Title: School of Education | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/education 
 School of Education | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Visit
usfca.edu Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Our Difference Our Vision
Our People Leadership Our Faculty Locations Sacramento Santa Rosa South Bay East Bay School News Our Programs Master's
Programs Doctoral Programs Certificates Academic Support Research & Centers CalEPIC Consortium Center for Humanizing
Education and Research About Us Events Faculty College Access Programs Educational Talent Search Resources McGrath
Institute for Jesuit Catholic Education Scholarships USF Community Mental Health Clinic School Life Community
Engagement & Activism Graduate Housing Organizations & Activities Student Ambassadors Student Events Student Services
Admission & Aid Application Requirements Deadlines Events & Fairs CBEST & CSET Resources Immunization Requirements
Teaching Weekends DACA & Undocumented Students International Students Frequently Asked Questions Financial Resources
School of Education USF_arrow_icon_wht School of Education Reach. Teach. Counsel. Support. Inspire. Advance justice
through education. Come Advance Justice Through Education Master's Choose from 12 programs, with or without credential.
Master's Programs Doctoral Move up. Make a difference. Lead the education evolution. Doctoral Programs Certificate
Technology. Reading. TESOL. Catholic leadership. Certificates Educate the World From Here Apply Now Request Info Attend
an Event School of Education by the Numbers 94 school district partnerships across the Bay Area 12:1 student to faculty
ratio 91% first year retention for MA students 88% four-year graduation rate for MA and credential students 100% of our
MAT site based supervisors surveyed would hire our student teachers 76% full-time faculty of color 47% of students in
the School of Education were first-generation college students when they went to college 65% of School of Education
students are people of color What Makes Us Unique We strive to have measurable impact in schools and communities,
particularly for those most affected by injustice. Our 50th Anniversary Accreditation Renewed Our Vision Our Difference
CalEPIC Consortium Where We Are Select option to display slide All Locations Sacramento Santa Rosa South Bay East Bay
All Locations Sacramento Santa Rosa South Bay East Bay All Locations In addition to our main campus, USF School of
Education is in Sacramento, Santa Rosa, San Jose, and Oakland. Choose which location works best for you. Our Locations
Sacramento At USF's Sacramento Campus, earn a master's degree in counseling psychology or teaching. USF Sacramento
Campus Santa Rosa Study at USF's location in Santa Rosa. Earn a degree in counseling or education. School of Education
in Santa Rosa South Bay Change the world from USF's location in San Jose. Earn a master's degree in education or
counseling. School of Education in the South Bay East Bay Come earn a master's degree in counseling or education at USF
School of Education in the East Bay, located at Merritt College. School of Education in the East Bay Upcoming Events
September 9 Organization & Leadership, Virtual Information Session September 9, 2024 12:30PM - 1:30PM Online via Zoom
September 9 Learning and Instruction, EdD Virtual Information Session September 9, 2024 6:00PM - 7:00PM Online via Zoom
September 10 Teaching English to Speakers of Other Languages, Virtual Information Session September 10, 2024 9:00AM -
10:00AM Online via Zoom More Events News From the School August 16, 2024 A New Horizon for the Health & Life Sciences
May 2, 2024 Spring Commencement 2024: The Details April 26, 2024 USF Alumni Educators Empower Young Minds December 15,
2023 USF Grad and Professor Supports Half Moon Bay Farmworkers More News Follow Us Online Facebook (link is external) X
(link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Instagram (link is external) Site Footer 2130
Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is
external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Careers at USF
Contact Us Directory News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Bookstore Course Catalog Library Campus Maps & Directions
Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Give to USF Visit myUSF Consumer Information Privacy Statement Web
Title: Student Employment | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/life-at-usf/campus-experience/student-employment 
 Student Employment | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply (Menu
Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students
Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change
Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's
University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San
Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board
of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create
Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree
Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research
Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate &
Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San
Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of
Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid
Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet
Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate
Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of
Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research
Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching
Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought
& the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms
Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts &
Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment
Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career
Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events Student Employment Home Life at USF The Campus
Experience Student Employment While earning your degree, take advantage of many on- and off-campus work opportunities
provided by USF. Working part-time will help you: Student Employment Domestic Students International Students
make new connections. Put money towards tuition or save for day-to-day expenses. Who's Hiring Student Employees? Nearly
every university department hires student employees, with the length of employment typically lasting throughout an
academic year. On-campus employment includes opportunities in: Program, administrative, or community assistance
Academic tutoring or research Technology support Lab assistance Retail services Events management You can also explore
off-campus opportunities with government or non-profit organizations that have an active contract with USF. The Student
Employment Office coordinates off-campus work-study employment with qualified employers around San Francisco. Learn how
to apply for student jobs USF Students Make Their Mark in Public Service Meet five McCarthy fellows who work to improve
San Francisco in their semester-long internships in the City of San Francisco government. Read the Story Student
Employment Main Campus StuEmp@usfca.edu (415) 422-6770 Lone Mountain Main 201A2800 Turk Blvd.San Francisco, CA 94118
Hours M, T, Th, F: 9a.m.-4p.m. W: 9a.m.-3p.m. Fax (415) 422-6084 Keep Exploring Student Support Student Activities
Faculty & Research Take the Next Step Take a Virtual Tour Visit USF Admission Events Site Footer University of San
Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external)
Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect
Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus
Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Visit Give to USF myUSF Consumer Information Privacy
Title: Study Abroad | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/academics/undergraduate-experience/study-abroad 
 Study Abroad | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply (Menu Link)
(Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students Parents
Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change
Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's
University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San
Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board
of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create
Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree
Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research
Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate &
Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San
Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of
Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid
Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet
Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate
Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of
Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research
Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching
Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought
& the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms
Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts &
Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment
Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career
Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events THE UNDERGRADUATE EXPERIENCE Study Abroad Home
Academics The Undergraduate Experience Study Abroad Choose from more than 100 programs in 45 countries across the
globe. Study Abroad Programs Why Study Abroad Financing & Tuition Diversity Resources Whether you want to spend a month
abroad learning about a new country or spend an entire academic year taking classes abroad, we have a program for you.
We offer academic, internship, field studies, and immersion programs that can fit your academic, professional, and
personal needs. The Global Center for Education works to make this opportunity available to all students and supports
you every step of the way. Program Options Programs span from a semester, academic year, or short-term trip. Find the
program that's right for you. Programs Why Study Abroad From academic credit to resume building and personal growth,
studying abroad can be a life changing experience. Why Study Abroad Tuition, Scholarships, and Funding Opportunties
Costs and sources of funding vary by program. Some are country and/or program-specific while others are based on
other students in my program, sharing delicious home-cooked meals with my host family, traveling around different
Awaits Remote video URL Center for Global Education Main Campus studyabroad@usfca.edu (415) 422-6848 Lone Mountain
Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link
is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us
Directory Careers at USF News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps &
Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Visit Give to USF myUSF Consumer Information Privacy Statement Web
Title: Web Accessibility | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/web-accessibility 
 Web Accessibility | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply (Menu
Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students
Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change
Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's
University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San
Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board
of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create
Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree
Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research
Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate &
Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San
Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of
Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid
Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet
Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate
Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of
Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research
Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching
Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought
& the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms
Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts &
Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment
Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career
Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events Web Accessibility USF is committed to maintaining
websites for users of all abilities and disabilities. Web editors and others who edit content on USF's websites
incorporate web accessibility best practices into their development process, and strive to adhere to WCAG 2.0 AA
Accessibility Guidelines. If you cannot access online information on any of USF's websites, please contact Web &
Digital Communications at: Email: webservices@usfca.edu If you cannot access online information on any of USF's
websites, you can file a formal grievance with the Office for Civil Rights of the U.S. Department of Education under
Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973. Office for Civil Rights can be contacted at: Office for Civil Rights
U.S. Department of Education 50 United Nations Plaza San Francisco, CA 94102 Telephone: (415) 486-5555 Fax: (415)
486-5570 Email: OCR.SanFrancisco@ed.gov Office for Civil Rights Website Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo
2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is
external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us
Directory Careers at USF News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps &
Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Visit Give to USF myUSF Consumer Information Privacy Statement Web
Title: Undergrad Pursues Passion for Research and Community | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/news/undergrad-research-and-community 
 Undergrad Pursues Passion for Research and Community | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a
Search Term Search: Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu
Link) (Menu Link) Students Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our
Jesuit Roots Agents for Change Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon
Neutral San Francisco's University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main
Campus Downtown San Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates
President & Leadership Board of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News
Academics Learn to Create Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate
Programs Dual Degree Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support
Undergraduate Research Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions
Advising Graduate & Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates
Executive Education The San Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of
Arts & Sciences School of Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries
Admission & Aid Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates &
Deadlines Meet Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources
International Graduate Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price
Calculator Types of Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty &
Student Research Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies
Center for Teaching Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for
Catholic Social Thought & the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good
Innovation Labs Star Route Farms Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City
The Campus Experience Arts & Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student
Activities Student Employment Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing
Dining on Campus Career Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events Engaged Learning Undergrad
his professors to change how psychology research is conducted. His goal: conduct research that listens to and responds
to people in their communities, leading to results that are more applicable to real life. Nguyen is a psychology major,
minoring in neuroscience. He also works with the McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good and Engage San
Francisco. As a site leader at Rosa Parks Elementary School in the San Francisco Unified School District, he fosters
relationships between tutors and young students and coordinates tutoring schedules. Last month, Nguyen was named a 2023
want to conduct research with our communities and pass that on to our policymakers. We can build a model for others to
eighth grade, and he chose USF for its urban campus. What makes USF special is the community, small class sizes, and
the importance of conducting research with people in the community, rather than college students, who so often are
research subjects. He started to see how he could apply his interest in psychology to work for the greater good.
psychological ideas, like cognitive dissonance theory, or changing lives through community programs, like school
psychology knowledge helps me understand how I can help my [elementary school] students connect with each other and
to Capitol Hill Global Perspective Students Go Forth and Explore Share Copy Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Email more news
Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us
Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube
(link is external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog
Bookstore Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Visit Give to USF myUSF Consumer
Title: Graduate Admission | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/admission/graduate 
 Graduate Admission | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply (Menu
Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students
Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change
Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's
University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San
Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board
of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create
Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree
Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research
Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate &
Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San
Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of
Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid
Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet
Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate
Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of
Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research
Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching
Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought
& the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms
Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts &
Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment
Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career
Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events Graduate Admission Home Admission & Aid Graduate
Admission Study at USF as a Graduate Student Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International
Graduate International Graduate Certificate of Finance English Language Proficiency REQUEST INFO APPLY NOW Visit USF
certificate, and credential programs), the University of San Francisco offers graduate degrees focused on innovation,
sustainability, justice, and ethical leadership. Join more than 4,000 graduate students from all over the world to
advance your career. Choose from full-time, part-time, or executive programs with options for hybrid and online
instruction. Apply to USF Request Info International Students Graduate Programs By School or College College of Arts
Sciences Programs School of Education See our programs in education, marriage and family therapy, educational
leadership, and more. Education Programs School of Law Learn about our JD programs, including options for full-time,
part-time, and joint degrees tailored to meet your career goals. Law Programs School of Management Launch your career
and gain a global business perspective with an emphasis on social justice, cultural understanding, and diversity.
Management Programs School of Nursing & Health Professions Gain practical clinical experience at top healthcare
organizations in the Bay Area while applying our Jesuit approach of cura personalis, or care of the whole person.
Nursing & Health Programs Graduate Financial Aid & Cost Learn more about the cost and financial aid options for
graduate students. Graduate Student Costs Graduate Financial Aid Graduate Brochure: Advance Your Career From Here
join a community dedicated to progress and to positive action. Come learn to change the world from here. Download
Brochure Virtual Tour Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA
94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external)
Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media
Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title
of San Francisco
Title: Office of the President | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/who-we-are/president-leadership/president-office 
 Office of the President | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply
(Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students
Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change
Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's
University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San
Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board
of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create
Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree
Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research
Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate &
Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San
Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of
Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid
Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet
Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate
Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of
Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research
Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching
Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought
& the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms
Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts &
Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment
Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career
Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events Office of the President Home Who We Are President &
Leadership Office of the President Office of the President The President President Emeritus President Emeritus
Curriculum Vitae Chancellor Silk Speaker Series We invite you to explore our degree programs, our athletic and cultural
events, our physical and digital learning resources, our beautiful hilltop campus and our campuses in the Financial
District, around the Bay Area, in Southern California, and on-line everywhere, where we provide a world-class education
in the best of the Jesuit pedagogical tradition. We invite you to meet our excellent faculty and professional staff who
engage our students as whole persons, developing their full capacities: critical thinking and imagination, knowledge
and skills, personal integrity and social responsibility. And we invite you to come join us and become part of a rich
and storied community marked by inclusive excellence and dedicated to unity in diversity, with a fine tradition of
humanistic formation that is exemplified in the lives our alumni/ae lead. Office of the President Main Campus
president@usfca.edu (415) 422-6762 Lone Mountain CampusRossi Wing, 4th Floor2130 Fulton Street, CA 94117 Contact Us
Executive Assistant to the President Jacqueline Neesam (415) 422-6712neesam@usfca.edu Administrative Assistants Grace
Sanchez (415) 422-6762sanchez@usfca.edu Chitchi Tabora (Appointments) (415) 422-6762tabora@usfca.edu Explore More USF
2027 Strategic Plan Article & Speeches Prayers & Homilies Committees Honorary Degree Committee President's Advisory
Committee on the Status of Women Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA
94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external)
Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media
Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title
of San Francisco
Title: The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought & the Ignatian Tradition | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/lane-center 
 The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought & the Ignatian Tradition | University of San Francisco Skip
to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics
Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education
Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New
Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our
Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License
Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the
President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs
Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate
Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement
Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate & Professional Experience The Graduate Experience
Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic
Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of Education School of Law School of Management School
of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students
International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate
Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial
Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF
Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art &
Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social
Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought & the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for
Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism
& Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts & Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness
Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop
Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News
Events The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought & the Ignatian Tradition Home Faculty & Research
Research Centers & Institutes The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought & the Ignatian Tradition The
Joan and Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought and the Ignatian Tradition advances the scholarship and
application of the Catholic intellectual and Ignatian traditions in the church and society with an emphasis on social
concerns. Drawing upon the rich diversity of the university, the San Francisco Bay Area and the international Society
of Jesus, we support research, teaching and action to promote and engage Catholic social thought especially in response
to contemporary issues. The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought & the Ignatian Tradition About the
Lane Center Lo Schiavo Faculty Lane Center Series Get Involved with the Lane Center Newsletter Sign Up Give to the Lane
Center Lane Center Magazine Ready for More? Explore our programs in more depth to see how you can get involved. Visit
Us On MyUSF Meet Our Director Erin Brigham, director of USF's Lane Center, wants to start a conversation about the
rights of workers, the rights of immigrants, and economic justice and peace. Read the Story What We Do Explore the
intersections of faith and justice through interdisciplinary, interfaith, community-engaged scholarship on contemporary
issues Enhance the Jesuit Catholic character of the university through mission-focused programs for faculty and staff
Advance gender justice and racial justice in the church, society, and academy through critical engagement with Catholic
social thought Pierless Bridges pierless bridges Introduction to the Issue pierless bridges The USF Interfaith
of Loyola, and Viktor Frankl Lane Center Magazine Lane Center Main Campus lanecenter@usfca.edu (415) 422-2822
Kalmanovitz Hall, 2nd Floor2130 Fulton St.San Francisco, CA 94117 Find Us Online Facebook (link is external) X (link is
external) Instagram (link is external) Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco,
CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is
external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News &
Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety
University of San Francisco
Title: Welcome, Parents & Families | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/parents 
 Welcome, Parents & Families | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search:
Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link)
Students Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents
for Change Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San
Francisco's University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus
Downtown San Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President &
Leadership Board of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics
Learn to Create Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs
Dual Degree Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support
Undergraduate Research Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions
Advising Graduate & Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates
Executive Education The San Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of
Arts & Sciences School of Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries
Admission & Aid Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates &
Deadlines Meet Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources
International Graduate Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price
Calculator Types of Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty &
Student Research Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies
Center for Teaching Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for
Catholic Social Thought & the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good
Innovation Labs Star Route Farms Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City
The Campus Experience Arts & Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student
Activities Student Employment Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing
Dining on Campus Career Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events Welcome, Parents & Families
the most joyous times of the year here on the Hilltop. Family Weekend Life at USF Learn about housing, student support,
exploring San Francisco, and more. Make the most of your resources at USF. Explore the USF Life Parent Newsletter Stay
in the loop. Sign up for monthly updates from the Parent Newsletter. Sign Up Give to USF Your generosity enables
couch. Take the Tour Stay Safe, Stay Healthy While on our campus and in our care, your student is our top priority. We
Campus Safety Health Promotion Services (HPS) Counseling and Psychological Services (CAPS) Families Come to Campus,
Celebrate USF At the CelebrateUSF weekend, students, families, and alumni gathered on the Hilltop for tours, lectures,
Jenny's Story More Tools & Resources Important Dates Parent Engagement & Philanthropy Main Campus parents@usfca.edu
Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook
(link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is
external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore
Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Visit Give to USF myUSF Consumer Information
Title: Cost of Attendance - Financial Aid & Cost | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/financial-aid/cost-of-attendance 
 Cost of Attendance - Financial Aid & Cost | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search
Term Search: Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link)
(Menu Link) Students Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit
Roots Agents for Change Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral
San Francisco's University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus
Downtown San Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President &
Leadership Board of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics
Learn to Create Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs
Dual Degree Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support
Undergraduate Research Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions
Advising Graduate & Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates
Executive Education The San Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of
Arts & Sciences School of Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries
Admission & Aid Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates &
Deadlines Meet Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources
International Graduate Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price
Calculator Types of Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty &
Student Research Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies
Center for Teaching Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for
Catholic Social Thought & the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good
Innovation Labs Star Route Farms Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City
The Campus Experience Arts & Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student
Activities Student Employment Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing
Dining on Campus Career Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events FINANCIAL AID & COST Cost of
affordable. Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Cost of Attendance
Undergraduate Costs Graduate Costs Net Price Calculator Types of Aid Types of Aid Federal & State Grants Federal
School Graduates Tuition Exchange CAREER OUTCOMES REQUEST INFO Outcomes REQUEST INFO What is 'Cost of Attendance'? The
cost of attendance is an estimate of what it costs a typical student to attend USF for one year. It includes tuition,
but also takes into account other living expenses like housing, meals, books, and travel so you get the full picture of
the cost of attendance? The cost of attendance consists of two types of costs: Direct costs are those that will appear
Indirect costs are estimates of other costs you should budget for, like books, transportation, and personal expenses
differ for each family, depending on the choices you make. Where do the amounts included in the cost of attendance come
keep these charges as low as possible, but in recent years these costs have typically increased between 3% and 5%
annually. We use the cost of a standard double room for on-campus housing and standard meal plan in our estimate. The
averages for books, transportation and personal expenses come from an annual survey by the California Student Aid
Commission. How is the cost of attendance used? The Office of Financial Aid uses the estimated cost of attendance to
determine your eligibility for financial aid, like grants and loans. Federal regulations require that the total aid we
give you not exceed your cost of attendance each year. When you apply for financial aid, your estimated cost of
attendance should appear on any financial aid offer letter you receive from a university. That gives you a common
starting point for comparing your aid offers from different colleges. Keep in mind that because the cost of attendance
total is based in part on estimates of costs like books and travel, your actual expenses each year may be different
attendance uses estimates for expenses like books and personal travel that will be different for every student. Your
bill will only include direct costs like tuition, campus fees, and on-campus housing and meal plan charges. Those
direct costs may differ from your estimated cost of attendance if you choose, for example, a more expensive meal plan
or a single dorm room. Office of Financial Aid Main Campus financialaid@usfca.edu (415) 422-3387 Lone Mountain Main
University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link
is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is
external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore
Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Visit Give to USF myUSF Consumer Information
Title: The Tracy Seeley Center for Teaching Excellence | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/teaching-excellence 
 The Tracy Seeley Center for Teaching Excellence | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a
Search Term Search: Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu
Link) (Menu Link) Students Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our
Jesuit Roots Agents for Change Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon
Neutral San Francisco's University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main
Campus Downtown San Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates
President & Leadership Board of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News
Academics Learn to Create Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate
Programs Dual Degree Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support
Undergraduate Research Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions
Advising Graduate & Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates
Executive Education The San Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of
Arts & Sciences School of Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries
Admission & Aid Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates &
Deadlines Meet Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources
International Graduate Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price
Calculator Types of Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty &
Student Research Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies
Center for Teaching Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for
Catholic Social Thought & the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good
Innovation Labs Star Route Farms Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City
The Campus Experience Arts & Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student
Activities Student Employment Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing
Dining on Campus Career Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events The Tracy Seeley Center for
Teaching Excellence Home Faculty & Research Research Centers & Institutes Center for Teaching Excellence The Tracy
Seeley Center for Teaching Excellence celebrates, supports, and helps to develop outstanding teaching at every stage of
our inspiration from a core principle of Ignatian pedagogy: cura personalis, or care of the whole person. Our programs,
events, and community conversations are created each semester to meet the changing needs of faculty, with the
understanding that teaching is a form of caring. We offer ongoing programs like peer coaching, a summer book club, open
classrooms, faculty learning communities, workshops, and an annual teaching retreat. Our myUSF site offers more
information about our programs, as well as resources for faculty, including a repository of USF faculty interviews.
Teacher Spotlight: Farima Pour-Khorshid CTE celebrates Dr. Farima Pour-Khorshid, a distinguished member of the School
of Education's Teacher Education Department who was recently honored as one of Cal State East Bay's 40 under 40. We
recently had the opportunity to engage in an insightful conversation with Dr. Pour-Khorshid, who shared her expertise
in abolitionist teaching and healing-centered engagement. In this interview, she delves into the remarkable journey
that led her to USF, offering valuable perspectives on transformative education practices and the imperative for
healing in learning spaces. Her accomplishments, both as an educator and advocate for justice-oriented teaching,
underscore the vital contributions she brings to the field Read the Full Conversation CTE offers events for faculty to
engage with their peers and community. CTE offers Faculty Learning Communities as a way for groups of faculty to
address a pedagogy or academia-related problem of mutual interest. CTE traditionally offers workshops and other
programming to help welcome new faculty to our teaching community. Faculty engaging in discussion as part of a
presentation segment. Our myUSF site Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA
94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external)
Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media
Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title
of San Francisco
Title: Faculty & Student Research | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/faculty-research/faculty-student# 
 Faculty & Student Research | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply
(Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students
Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change
Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's
University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San
Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board
of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create
Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree
Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research
Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate &
Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San
Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of
Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid
Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet
Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate
Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of
Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research
Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching
Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought
& the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms
Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts &
Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment
Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career
Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events FACULTY & RESEARCH Faculty & Student Research Home
Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research Pursue in-depth research at the highest level. Do real-world work in
small classes. Collaborate with faculty in ways not possible at other institutions. Research with Your Professors
Faculty mentor student research and creative activity across majors. Previous slide Next slide Students Help Professor
Support Maui Residents Professor Heidi Ho co-founded a non-profit providing legal support to Maui residents impacted by
Undergraduate Researchers Tackle Cancer At many universities, only graduate students do research. At USF, undergraduate
students do research, too. Meet three of them. Read the Story Student Launches AI Project that Makes Learning a
Language Easier He hopes to make the language tool available to USF students at no cost while he launches a startup to
develop the tool for customers. Read the story Astrophysics Professor and Undergraduates Unlock the Secrets of Outer
Space Xiaosheng Huang and his astrophysics students have a green light from NASA to explore the universe using the
newest space telescope in the galaxy. Read Xiaosheng's Story USF Group Delivers Peace Research Fourteen students,
grads, and faculty members from the School of Education traveled to Trinidad and Tobago to present workshops and
papers. Read the Story Undergrad Pursues Passion for Research and Community His goal: conduct research that listens to
and responds to people in their communities, leading to results that are more applicable to real life. Read Viet-Hung's
Story Student Addresses Opioid Use Disorder Sara Hamilton, a DNP MPH learner, is focusing some of her degree work on
addressing opioid use disorder. Read Sara's Story Funding & Results $1.5 million In undergraduate and graduate research
funds 1 in 5 Your chance of being treated by a USF-trained health professional if you are admitted to a Bay Area
hospital 74% Undergraduates received scholarships Explore Our Facilities Come dream, do, make, create, collaborate, ask
questions, and find solutions in our state-of-the-art facilities. Innovation Labs Share Your Work Collaborate with
faculty mentors on tackling disease, mental health, climate change, and more. Showcase your research in the College of
Arts & Sciences annual Creative Activity & Research Day. Keep Exploring Research Centers & Institutes Innovation Labs
Our Faculty Take the Next Step Admission & Aid Visit USF The Value of a USF Education Site Footer University of San
Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external)
Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect
Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus
Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Visit Give to USF myUSF Consumer Information Privacy
Title: Grants and Awards | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/faculty-research/faculty/grants-awards 
 Grants and Awards | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply (Menu
Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students
Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change
Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's
University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San
Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board
of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create
Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree
Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research
Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate &
Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San
Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of
Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid
Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet
Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate
Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of
Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research
Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching
Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought
& the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms
Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts &
Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment
Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career
Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events Grants and Awards Home Faculty & Research Our Faculty
Grants and Awards Bill Hing and Jacqueline Brown, School of Law Bill Hing and Jacqueline Brown, School of Law, have
received a $400,814 grant from the City and County of San Francisco, via the Central American Resource Center of
Northern California, as part of the San Francisco Immigrant Legal Defense Collaborative of more than a dozen agencies.
Funding from this award will continue to support legal representation of unaccompanied children, families, and
individuals with cases in the Federal Immigration Court in San Francisco. Evelyn Ho, College of Arts and Sciences
Evelyn Ho, College of Arts and Sciences, has received a $52,000 subaward research grant from the Mount Zion Health Fund
through the Regents of the University of California at San Francisco (UCSF) in partnership with On Lok. Their portion
of study will focus on integrative approaches to healthy aging. The community-based research will partner academic and
community partners to work together to support the sustainable delivery of taichi, acupuncture and integrative
Michael Stevenson, College of Arts and Sciences, has received a $179,218 research grant from the National Science
Foundation in a collaborative proposal with San Francisco State University (SF State). The objective of this project is
to adapt, implement, and assess the Scientist Spotlights intervention to chemistry courses as a way to increase science
identity, science belonging, and possible science selves of undergraduate students. This project aims to improve STEM
and Health Professions Angela Banks, School of Nursing and Health Professions, has received a $630,000 grant from the
Department of Health Care Access and Information. The University of San Francisco's Song Brown RN Program strives to
increase education opportunities for ethnic minorities, such as Hispanic/Latina/os, underrepresented in the nursing
nursing students, and the training and retention activities of the nursing program. (July 23, 2024) Bill Ong Hing and
Jacqueline Brown, School of Law Bill Ong Hing and Jacqueline Brown, School of Law, have been awarded $80,000 from
Sonoma County Secure Families Collaborative through December 31, 2024. Funding from this will continue supporting legal
representation of immigrants who live in Sonoma County for continued removal of defense actions. (July 5, 2024) Indre
Viskontas, College of Arts and Sciences Indre Viskontas, College of Arts and Sciences, has been awarded a $139,000
research sub-award from the National Science Foundation through Georgetown University. This project aims to
longitudinally test both novel and established computational approaches to core dimensions of creative ability to
predict STEM success during and after college. Overall, this project aims to test how four basic components of creative
cognition (visual, verbal, generative, and evaluative) relate to future STEM success, including testing human
evaluation of AI-generated ideas. (June 21, 2024) Annette Regan, School of Nursing and Health Professions Annette
Regan, School of Nursing and Health Professions, has been awarded $334,873 in research funding from the National
Institute for Allergy and Infectious Diseases at the National Institutes of Health. The two-year study aims to identify
the extent to which viral co-infections increase the severity of infection with SARS-CoV-2 among children with and
without underlying health conditions. Dr. Regan and colleagues will then evaluate whether COVID-19 vaccination reduces
the severity of viral co-infections associated with SARS-CoV-2 in young children. Ultimately the project will be useful
to parents/caregivers of young children and their healthcare provider(s) in understanding the risks and benefits of
COVID-19 vaccination in healthy and high-risk children. (June 13, 2024) Mustafa Hajij, College of Arts and Sciences
Mustafa Hajij, College of Arts and Sciences, has been awarded a $341,229 subaward from the Federal Highway
Administration through the University of Tennessee, Chattanooga. This project seeks to employ real-time detection,
classification and tracking of Vulnerable Road Users (VRUs) using advanced sensing technologies and artificial
intelligence algorithms to significantly improve traffic safety at intersections. This project also aims to develop a
precise and reliable class perception mechanism utilizing innovative sensor calibration and fusion techniques.
(February 29, 2024) Bill Ong Hing and Jacqueline Brown, School of Law Bill Ong Hing and Jacqueline Brown, School of
Law, have been awarded $80,000 from Sonoma County Secure Families Collaborative through June 30, 2024. Funding from
this will continue supporting legal representation of immigrants who live in Sonoma County for continued removal of
defense actions. Melissa Canlas and Christine Yeh, School of Education School of Education faculty Melissa Canlas (IME)
and Christine Yeh (CPSY) (Principal Investigators) have been awarded a U.S. Department of Education Asian American and
and Native American Pacific Islander-serving institutions to improve and expand services for Asian Americans and Native
American Pacific Islanders and low-income individuals. Dr. Hsiu-Lan Cheng (CPSY) will work as the program evaluator for
students. This new initiative includes four university-wide components: a dedicated center for AAPI students; faculty
learning communities; staff and leadership learning communities; and student leadership development communities. Chanda
Briggs, Instruction & Outreach Department and Claire Sharifi, Reference Department Chanda Briggs and Claire Sharifi
have received a $1,500 grant from the Network of the National Library of Medicine via the National Institutes of
Health. The Collection Equity Award will allow Gleeson Library at the University of San Francisco to expand print and
electronic monograph resources specific to disability studies, disability justice, and the health of people with
disabilities. (June 1, 2023) Melissa Canlas, Christine Yeh, and Hsiu-Lan Cheng Melissa Canlas, Christine Yeh, and
Hsiu-Lan Cheng, School of Education, has received a $1,412,561 Asian American and Native American Pacific
Islander-Serving Institutions (AANAPISI) award from the US Department of Education. This grant award will be used to
develop an integrated Asian American and Pacific Islander (AAPI) Center for Educational Success (ACES). ACES will
emotional, academic, and career development. (October 1, 2023) Lara Bazelon The USF School of Law Racial Justice
Clinic, directed by Professor Lara Bazelon, has received a $50,000 Racial Justice Act for All Implementation Grant from
the Office of the State Public Defender. The Racial Justice Clinic is the only non-public defender agency chosen to
2021 California Racial Justice Act (RJA). The goal of the Mail Project is to coordinate and streamline the effort to
identify tens of thousands of people within the California prisons and jails who may be eligible for RJA relief,
analyze viable claims, and connect petitioners with legal resources necessary to file a successful RJA claim. (December
21, 2023) Annette Regan, School of Nursing and Health Professions Annette Regan, School of Nursing and Health
Professions, has received a $25,000 research award from the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services Centers for
Disease Control and Prevention via Auckland UniServices Limited, a subsidiary of the University of Auckland, New
Zealand. This grant project is aimed at assessing the safety of COVID-19 vaccines across large and diverse populations
using the 17-country Global Vaccine Data Network Consortium. (November 1, 2023) David Saah, College of Arts and
Sciences David Saah, College of Arts and Sciences, has received a $400,000 research subaward from the University of
California Office of the President via the University of California, San Diego. This grant will extend the BurnPro3D
platform to include co-development and implementation with CAL FIRE to expand the toolkit for ramping up prescribed
to build forest and community resilience. Furthermore, it will assist the California Wildfire and Forest Resilience
collaboration and make science-based decisions for strengthening vulnerable communities and accelerating climate
resilience of natural systems. (October 1, 2023) Amrita Bhattacharrya, Department of Chemistry, College of Arts and
Sciences Amrita Bhattacharrya, Department of Chemistry, College of Arts and Sciences, has received a $910,000 research
award from the Department of Energy. This grant project is aimed at detecting, quantifying, and characterizing
anaerobic microsites at current DOE-ESS natural floodplain research sites to identify correlations between site
characteristics and methane production. Utilizing the Laboratory for Observing Anaerobic Microsites in Soils (LOAMS)
approach, this project will examine the role of anaerobic microsites in methanogenesis and metal redox chemistry across
spatial and temporal scales. (September 7, 2023) Gennifer Smith, Engineering, College of Arts and Sciences Gennifer
Smith, Engineering, College of Arts and Sciences, has received a $62,574 subaward from University of Colorado Denver
via NIH (National Institute of Health). The funded project aims to build a smartphone attachment and app that will
allow low-resource or remote labs to perform 3D tomographic microscopy of millimeter-sized samples. The project takes
advantage of the ubiquitous and high-quality computing and imaging hardware available in smartphones to make a
3D-microscopy attachment that is inexpensive and portable. (August 18, 2023). Bill Ong Hing, School of Law Bill Ong
Hing, School of Law, was given a $391,038 subaward from the Central American Resource Center of Northern California as
part of the San Francisco Immigrant Legal Defense Collaborative. Funding from this award will continue to support legal
(July 27, 2023). Nicole Thometz, College of Arts and Sciences Nicole Thometz, College of Arts and Sciences, has
received a $43,166 research subaward from the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration via the Regents of the
University of California, Santa Cruz. This grant project is aimed at gathering data that will be used in modelling
efforts, along with data from wild seals collected by NOAA, to better understand ice seal population energy
requirements and trophic roles. Dr. Thometz will contribute physiological data from seals in human care specifically,
bearded seals, ringed seals, and spotted seals to this collaborative effort to help fill current information gaps
concerning the trophic role of Alaskan seals. (June 1, 2023) Claire Sharifi, Reference Department Claire Sharifi,
Reference Department, has received a $1,500 grant from the Network of the National Library of Medicine via the National
Institutes of Health. The Collection Equity Award will allow Gleeson Library at the University of San Francisco to
expand print and electronic monograph resources specific to disability studies, disability justice, and the health of
people with disabilities. (June 1, 2023) Omar Franco, School of Education Omar Franco, School of Education, a recently
hired staff, brings along with him three U.S. Department of Education grants, namely the TRIO Upward Bound Awards, from
year 2 to 5, totaling $4,536,851.11, which he received while at Holy Names University. The TRIO Upward Bound Project
supports Oakland High School; Fremont High School; Castlemont High School; and Tennyson High School students both in
and out of the classroom with: tutoring; financial literacy; college and career exploration; intensive summer courses;
social, emotional, and academic support; high school and college navigation advising; and many others. (May 2023).
William J. Bosl, School of Nursing and Health Professions William J. Bosl, School of Nursing and Health Professions,
Behavioral, and Environmental Risk Markers of Anxiety from Infancy to Adolescence. Dr. Bosl will collaborate with PI at
BCH and other co-Investigator to 1) develop data analysis and machine learning design, including robust statistical
analysis plans; 2) review EEG recordings to ensure reliability of collection and; 3) Implement and validate all EEG
signal processing and machine learning analysis. (June 14, 2023). Bill Ong Hing, School of Law Bill Ong Hing, School of
Law, has been awarded $1,050,000 from California Department of Social Services. This is a continuing grant to represent
Unaccompanied Undocumented Minors (UUM). The legal services include culturally, and linguistically appropriate services
provided by attorneys, paralegals, interpreters and other support staff for state court proceedings, federal
immigration proceedings, and any appeals arising from those proceedings. This funding is intended to serve individuals
who cannot otherwise afford an attorney or legal representation. (April 17, 2023) David Saah, College of Arts and
Sciences David Saah, College of Arts and Sciences, has received a $45,960 subaward from Spatial Informatics Group (SIG)
granted by the United States Department of Agriculture. For wildland fire events identified through this project,
Janice Coen will initialize ensembles of CAWFE coupled weather-fire simulations with ensembles of weather forecasts and
a probability-based range of fuel properties that represent the uncertainty in current conditions and simulate the
resultant fire behavior. Those ensemble weather forecasts include National Centers for Environmental Prediction
ensembles of weather forecasts of various scales, such as the Short Range Ensemble Forecast (SREF) and the Global
Ensemble Forecast System (GFS). Probabilistic fuel information will be derived from databases such as the North
American Wildland Fuels Database. Dr. David Saah and Dr. Coen will contribute to devising methodologies to display and
communicate probabilistic fire spread predictions to potential users with a wide range of technical knowledge. Dr. Coen
will lead a scientific publication outcome and participate in user engagement. (March 23, 2023). William J. Bosl,
School of Nursing and Health Professions William J. Bosl, School of Nursing and Health Professions, has received a
$856,304 grant from the Department of Defense (DOD) - Congressionally Directed Medical Research Program (CDMRP). The
evaluate biomarkers for IEDs in 100 children without autism spectrum disorder (ASD) Ages 3 to 13; Specific Aim 2 -
Compute and evaluate biomarkers for IEDs in 100 children with ASD ages 3 to 13; and Specific Aim 3 - Compare computed
biomarkers from Aims 1 and 2. While meeting the goals of our specific aims for this project, USF and BCH also hope to
gain access to data from patients with epilepsy and with both ASD and epilepsy through other active research projects
that the Dr. Bosl is pursuing with the epilepsy center. (April 14, 2023). Angela Banks, School of Nursing and Health
Professions Angela Banks, School of Nursing and Health Professions, has received a $810,000 grant from the Department
of Health Care Access and Information. The University of San Francisco Song Brown RN Program strives to increase
education opportunities for ethnic minorities, such as Hispanic/Latinos, underrepresented in the nursing field. This
students, and the training and retention activities of the nursing program. (April 12, 2023). Hajij Mustafa, College of
Arts and Sciences Hajij Mustafa, College of Arts and Sciences, has received a $195,264 grant from the National Science
Foundation. This grant will bring more insight to Topological Deep Learning (TDL), a promising new frontier field that
combines deep learning with Topological Data Analysis (TDA) to extract and analyze topological features in data. TDL
has potential applications in various domains, including computer vision, time series analysis, biology, physics and
complex networks. By leveraging the topological structure of data, TDL models can improve the accuracy and
interpretability of machine learning models, leading to better insights and predictions. (April 3, 2023). William J.
Bosl, School of Nursing and Health Professions William J. Bosl, School of Nursing and Health Professions, has received
(CDMRP-AR). More than half of children with autism have nocturnal epileptiform discharges, which are believed to
interfere with learning and cognitive development. Yet, these discharges are rarely detected. The proposed project is
based on a hypothesis by Prof. Bosl that epileptic brain dynamics can be detected from short awake EEG measurements. If
successful, this would enable routine testing of all children for nocturnal epileptic brain activity and early
(BCH), to identify and evaluate patients for participation in this project. (April 7, 2023). James Wilson, Jeff
Hamrick, Shan Wan and Daniel Jerison James Wilson, Jeff Hamrick, Shan Wan and Daniel Jerison, College of Arts and
Sciences, have received a $15,000 grant from the National Science Foundation. This grant will help fund the 3rdAnnual
Data Institute Conference held at USF drawing leaders of industry and academia to explore the latest theoretical
advances and technological applications in data science to promote the next generation of cross-disciplinary research.
This conference will make an equally important impact to the greater scientific community with a focus on recruiting
and increasing diversity in data science with attendees that are not traditionally represented in STEM fields. (January
30, 2023) Bill Ong Hing Bill Ong Hing, professor and director of the immigration and deportation defense clinic in the
School of Law, was awarded $160,000 from Sonoma County Secure Families Collaborative in January. This funding will
extend efforts supporting legal representation of immigrants who live in Sonoma County for continued removal of defense
actions. (January 3, 2023) Dr. Marie-Claude Couture Dr. Marie-Claude Couture, School of Nursing and Health Professions
has received a $432,136 grant from the National Institute of Health: National Institute on Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism
with Dr. Erin Grinshteyn, the Associate Dean from the School of Nursing and Health Professions. This is an NIH R15
Dr. Couture and Dr. Grinshteyn aim to characterize the activity spaces of college students; examine the direct
associations between the environment and social contexts and high-risk alcohol drinking among college students. (April
15, 2022) Dr. Annette Regan Dr. Annette Regan, School of Nursing and Health Professions, has received a $366,573 grant
from the National Institutes of Health with Dr. Marie-Claude Couture in the School of Nursing and Health Professions
and Co-Investigators at Boston University. This is an NIH R21 grant for research entitled, Evaluating Teen-Parent
Dynamic in Adolescent COVID-19 Vaccine Acceptance and Uptake. The funding for this innovative research will provide
important evidence to better understand adolescent vaccine decision-making and support the future interventions for
improving COVID-19 uptake. Through an innovative approach to data collection and novel application of an existing
statistical framework, over the next two years, the team will i) validate a measurement tool for monitoring COVID-19
vaccine hesitancy in adolescents and their parents, ii) identify how hesitancy correlates between adolescents and their
parents and iii) evaluate how adolescent and parental vaccine hesitancy interacts in the decision to vaccinate against
COVID-19. (August 15, 2022) Annette Regan Annette Regan, School of Nursing and Health Professions, has received a
$1,277,429 grant from the National Institutes of Health with Co-Investigators at UCLA, Baylor College of Medicine and
University of Melbourne, Australia. This is an NIH RO1 grant for research entitled, Uptake, Safety, and Effectiveness
of COVID-19 Vaccines during Pregnancy. The funding will support one of the largest cohort studies to date in the area
of the safety and effectiveness of COVID-19 vaccination during pregnancy over the next three years by combining
information from electronic medical records, insurance claims data and Medicaid data. The research will be integral to
support informed vaccine decision-making during pregnancy and documenting the health effects of maternal vaccination
for infants. In addition, this evidence will aid informed decision and policy-making around COVID-19 vaccination for
pregnant persons. (April 7, 2022) Angela Banks Angela Banks, School of Nursing and Health Professions, has received a
$384,000 grant from the Office of State Health Planning and Development. The University of San Francisco Song Brown RN
Program strives to increase education opportunities for ethnic minorities, such as Hispanic/Latinos, underrepresented
Hispanic/Latino nursing students, and the training and retention activities of the nursing program." (April 5, 2022)
Bill Ong Hing Bill Ong Hing, School of Law, has been awarded $160,000 from Sonoma County Secure Families Collaborative.
This is an extension to the Vital Immigrant Defense Advocacy and Services ("VIDAS") grant. Funding from this will
continue supporting legal representation of immigrants who live in Sonoma County for continued removal of defense
actions. Bill Ong Hing Bill Ong Hing, School of Law, was given a $313,369 subaward from the Central American Resource
Center of Northern California as part of the San Francisco Immigrant Legal Defense Collaborative. Funding from this
award will support legal representation of unaccompanied children, families, and individuals with cases in San
$112,875 from The Legal Aid Society of San Mateo County (LASSMC) as part of the San Mateo County Removal Defense
Collaborative. Funding from this award will support legal representation of immigrants who live in San Mateo County in
removal defense services." (October 5, 2021) Janet Yang Janet Yang, School of Arts & Sciences, has received a grant of
nutrients that are crucial for survival, and these findings could provide new targets for treatment against bacterial
pathogens. Towards this end, Dr. Yang will employ biochemical and biophysical methods to dissect how the E. coli MetNI
transporter, an established model system, transports methionine from the periplasm to the cytoplasm. (September 20,
2021) Joe Omega Joe Omega, School of Education, has received a grant renewal of $277,375 from the Department of
Education for the Talent Search Program. The purpose of the Talent Search Program is to identify qualified individuals
from disadvantaged backgrounds with potential for education at the postsecondary level and encourage them to complete
secondary school and undertake postsecondary education. (September 1, 2021) Bill Ong Hing Bill Ong Hing, School of Law,
has received an additional grant of $15,500 from the Immigrant Legal Resource Center (ILRC). This grant is possible
through funding from the Crankstart Foundation. These grant funds are being awarded to offer relief and to support
place order. (August 13, 2021) Bill Ong Hing Bill Ong Hing, School of Law, has received a continuation grant of
$260,000 from the Immigrant Legal Resource Center (ILRC). This grant is possible through funding from the Crankstart
Foundation. These grant funds are being awarded to serve immigrants in select Bay Area counties who are at risk of
deportation. The project will cover the counties of Alameda, Contra Costa, Marin, San Francisco, and/or San Mateo.
(August 4, 2021) Jeffery Paller Jeffery Paller, School of Arts & Sciences, has received a $137,529 grant from the Peace
Research Institute Oslo (PRIO). The primary objective of the grant is to identify how urban growth in Africa is
polities to catalyze new scholarship and support evidence-based policy, understanding how urban growth shapes political
change in African cities and identifying how political change in cities affects broader socio-political change. (August
1, 2021) Amalia Kokkinaki Amalia Kokkinaki, Department of Environmental Sciences, has received a grant of $40,694 from
the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory. The grant aims to conduct research on a subtask of Task 4 of DOE's SMART
project, which is a broad multi-agency project, entitled "Science-informed Machine Learning for Accelerating Real Time
Decisions in Subsurface Applications (SMART)". The SMART-CS project aims to develop tools and methods that will assist
decision making and operations related to CO2 storage in geologic formation for climate change mitigation. (July 15,
2021) Angela Banks Angela Banks, School of Nursing and Health Professions, has received a $192,000 grant from the
Office of Statewide Health Planning and Development (OSHPD). The University of San Francisco Song Brown RN Program 2020
aims to increase education opportunities for individuals from disadvantaged backgrounds, including racial and ethnic
minorities underrepresented among nurses. This Song-Brown Program grant will allow Dr. Banks to provide cohort
participants with the following: pre-entry preparation, mentoring with retention activities, student financial support,
and cultural competency. Dr. Banks has received this award for the fourth time in the last four years. (July 1, 2021)
Christian Thompson Christian Thompson, School of Arts & Sciences, has received a grant of $44,434 from the On Lok Day
Services (OLDS). The grant aims at working in collaboration with the OLDS on a citywide Health Promotion program
offered to San Francisco seniors to enhance their well-being and health. (July 1, 2021) Danfeng Koon Danfeng Koon,
School of Education, has been awarded $45,000 from The San Francisco Foundation. The purpose of the grant is to provide
evaluation support for Youth Access to Opportunity (YAO) Fund for SFF and participating school sites in understanding
years. (May 7, 2021) William Riggs, Majid Dadgar, Longyuan Du and Shivani Shukla William Riggs, Majid Dadgar, Longyuan
Du, and Shivani Shukla, School of Management, have received a grant of $845,660 from the California Strategic Growth
Council (SGC) through a collaboration with The City of Oakland. This grant aims at the development and implementation
public health and environmental benefits, and catalyze economic opportunity and shared prosperity within the East
Oakland neighborhoods. The above-named faculty members will help the City of Oakland and its Partners in providing
evaluation, technical assistance, and data analysis for implementation of the projects and transformative plans
undertaken. (April 16, 2021) Derick Brown Derick Brown, Leo T. McCarthy Center, School of Arts & Sciences, has received
an award of $50,000 from the Walter and Elise Haas Fund. This award is for the Equity Scholars Program: a collaboration
YMCA of San Francisco to reduce the achievement gap and prevent COVID-19 learning loss in under-resourced communities.
The goal of this two-year pilot program is to bring together public service minded college students as trained Equity
Scholars who will offer interactive virtual summer learning opportunities for children entering grades K-8. (April 15,
2021) William Karney William Karney, School of Arts & Sciences, received a grant amounting to $202,564 from the
National Science Foundation (NSF). This award aims at conducting research with an intention to clarify heavy-atom
tunneling in reactions of annulenes and other conjugated systems. The work promises to deepen the understanding of
expertise in the computational elucidation of reaction mechanisms, the work addresses new problems in this area while
training undergraduates in numerous aspects of chemical research. (April 9, 2021) Judith L. Pace Judith L. Pace, School
of Education, has received an award of $9,500 from the Spencer Foundation based on a cross-national study, the first
study to investigate both preparation for teaching controversial issues in university methods courses and preservice
webinars, podcasts, writings, a website, and social media to prepare educators at all levels in the U.S. and
internationally for teaching controversy. (March 29, 2021) Bill Ong Hing Bill Ong Hing, School of Law, has been awarded
$160,000 from Humanidad Therapy & Education Services as a part of Sonoma County Secure Families Collaborative. This is
an extension to the Vital Immigrant Defense Advocacy and Services ("VIDAS") grant. Funding from this will continue
supporting legal representation of immigrants who live in Sonoma County for continued removal of defense actions.
(February 12, 2021) Keep Exploring Find Your Program The Undergraduate Experience The Graduate Experience Take the Next
Step Admission & Aid Visit USF The Value of a USF Education Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton
Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external)
LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers
at USF News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour
Campus Safety Title IX Apply Visit Give to USF myUSF Consumer Information Privacy Statement Web Accessibility Copyright
Title: Visitor's Guide to USF - Admission | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/admission/visit/visitors-guide 
 Visitor's Guide to USF - Admission | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term
Search: Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu
Link) Students Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots
Agents for Change Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San
Francisco's University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus
Downtown San Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President &
Leadership Board of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics
Learn to Create Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs
Dual Degree Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support
Undergraduate Research Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions
Advising Graduate & Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates
Executive Education The San Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of
Arts & Sciences School of Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries
Admission & Aid Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates &
Deadlines Meet Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources
International Graduate Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price
Calculator Types of Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty &
Student Research Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies
Center for Teaching Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for
Catholic Social Thought & the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good
Innovation Labs Star Route Farms Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City
The Campus Experience Arts & Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student
Activities Student Employment Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing
Dining on Campus Career Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events VISIT USF Visitor's Guide to
campus in the center of San Francisco. Use this page to help plan your travel. For anything else, email us at
admission@usfca.edu. Flying to San Francisco We recommend flying into San Francisco International (SFO) or Oakland
experience by staying close to campus. Many USF families stay at: Hotel Caza: Use offer code USFFF for a 15% discount
off the BAR (Best Available Rate), a waived destination fee, and 50% off parking. See instructions here. Hotel Kabuki
approximately a 20 minute drive from campus, so keep that in mind. We encourage you to stay closer to get a feel for
our neighborhood. You can also find many Airbnbs in the area. Getting to USF Office of Admission address: 2800 Turk
Boulevard, San Francisco CA 94118 If possible, we encourage you to use public transportation or rideshare options (Uber
and Lyft) to get to campus. If you plan to drive here, Google Maps offers reliable directions and traffic estimates.
Parking: The surrounding residential neighborhood has free 2- or 4-hour street parking (try around Parker Avenue or
Turk Boulevard). Be sure to carefully read the street signs for time limits and restrictions. If you have a scheduled
visit to campus, stop by the Welcome Center to receive a complimentary parking permit. Public transit from the airport:
to get a Clipper card. Add about $15 to get from either SFO or OAK to campus (one way). Take BART to Powell Station.
Exit the station and go to the Muni bus stop at Cyril Magnin and Market Street. Take the 31 Balboa bus toward Ocean
Beach and get off at Chabot Terrace (Find more public transit directions using Google Maps). Getting around San
Francisco MUNI (bus/light rail) is a great way to get around the city, and Google Maps offers reliable directions for
public transit. A Clipper Card is the easiest way to ride both MUNI and BART. You can get a physical Clipper card at
any BART station or add Clipper Card funds to your phone. Unless you plan to be visiting areas outside of San
Francisco, we recommend you use rideshare and public transit instead of renting a car. Parking can be limited in
certain parts of the city. If you do drive or rent a car: When parking, be sure to read street signs for parking time
as it can be foggy and cold, even in the summer. We strongly recommend bringing light jackets and layers in case Karl
Campus Map Schedule a Visit Lone Mountain North Residence Hall Dorm Room Lo Schiavo Science Center Privett Plaza
Gleeson Library Biotech Laboratory Thacher Gallery Classroom Welcome Center Main Campus admission@usfca.edu (415)
422-6563 Lone Mountain Main 2512800 Turk Blvd.San Francisco, CA 94118 Hours Monday - Friday: 8:30 a.m. - 5 p.m. Site
Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook
(link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is
external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore
Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Visit Give to USF myUSF Consumer Information
Title: Graduate & Professional Experience | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/academics/graduate-professional 
 Graduate & Professional Experience | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term
Search: Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu
Link) Students Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots
Agents for Change Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San
Francisco's University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus
Downtown San Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President &
Leadership Board of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics
Learn to Create Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs
Dual Degree Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support
Undergraduate Research Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions
Advising Graduate & Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates
Executive Education The San Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of
Arts & Sciences School of Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries
Admission & Aid Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates &
Deadlines Meet Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources
International Graduate Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price
Calculator Types of Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty &
Student Research Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies
Center for Teaching Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for
Catholic Social Thought & the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good
Innovation Labs Star Route Farms Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City
The Campus Experience Arts & Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student
Activities Student Employment Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing
Dining on Campus Career Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events Graduate & Professional
Experience Home Academics Graduate & Professional Experience Learn in the classroom and through practice. Collaborate
with classmates of all ages, professions, and backgrounds. Connect with faculty who are invested in your success. Dig
priority through your capstone projects. Network with professionals in the industry you want to join. Find Your Program
Faheema Eissar MS '23 Turning Theory Into Action I came to USF because I want to learn to do things that will actually
Eissar MS '23 Read Faheema's Story #1 in ethnic diversity among national universities U.S. News & World Report 2024
Best Value in the top 50% U.S. News & World Report 2024 Top 20 on the Forbes list of most entrepreneurial universities
Degree Excellence USF is a CFA Institute Affiliate University thanks to its financial analysis degree programs 4,065
graduate students from all over the U.S. and 33 countries Experience USF Join a community of colleagues, not
competitors. Form personal and professional relationships that last a lifetime. The Graduate Experience Discover
Through Research Identify problems and work on solutions. Answer the questions you have. Then answer the questions that
come up along the way. Graduate Research Move Up Augment your skills. Pursue a totally new path. When you choose to
Exploring Find Your Program Our Faculty Global Research Take the Next Step Admission & Aid Visit USF The Value of a USF
Education Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555
Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is
external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media Academics Academic
Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Visit Give
Title: What's a Don? | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/who-we-are/san-franciscos-university/whats-a-don 
 What's a Don? | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply (Menu Link)
(Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students Parents
Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change
Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's
University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San
Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board
of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create
Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree
Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research
Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate &
Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San
Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of
Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid
Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet
Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate
Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of
Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research
Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching
Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought
& the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms
Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts &
Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment
Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career
Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events SAN FRANCISCO'S UNIVERSITY What's a Don? Home Who We
Are San Francisco's University What's a Don? Once used as a fancy way to address Spanish nobles, the usage of the Don
across the Atlantic to enjoy broad contemporary usage for personal, social or official distinction in Latin American
and Mexican-American communities. But how did USF become the Dons? Until November 1931, our athletic programs were
So our beloved student newspaper, The San Francisco Foghorn, held a contest, challenging students and alumni to propose
a new name. According to USF Historian Alan Ziajka in Legacy and Promise: 150 Years of Jesuit Education at the
University of San Francisco, suggestions included seagulls, seals, and sea lions. In January 1932, a committee of
undergraduates, alumni and administrators selected by Father President Edward Whelan, S.J. considered these and other
Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is
external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us
Directory Careers at USF News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps &
Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Visit Give to USF myUSF Consumer Information Privacy Statement Web
Title: Net Price Calculator - Financial Aid & Cost | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/financial-aid/net-price-calculator 
 Net Price Calculator - Financial Aid & Cost | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search
Term Search: Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link)
(Menu Link) Students Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit
Roots Agents for Change Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral
San Francisco's University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus
Downtown San Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President &
Leadership Board of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics
Learn to Create Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs
Dual Degree Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support
Undergraduate Research Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions
Advising Graduate & Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates
Executive Education The San Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of
Arts & Sciences School of Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries
Admission & Aid Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates &
Deadlines Meet Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources
International Graduate Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price
Calculator Types of Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty &
Student Research Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies
Center for Teaching Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for
Catholic Social Thought & the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good
Innovation Labs Star Route Farms Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City
The Campus Experience Arts & Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student
Activities Student Employment Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing
Dining on Campus Career Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events FINANCIAL AID & COST Net
Price Calculator Home Admission & Aid Financial Aid & Cost Net Price Calculator Estimate your Cost Use the Net Price
Calculator to see what a new first-year or transfer undergraduate student may be expected to pay to attend the
University of San Francisco. Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance
Cost of Attendance Undergraduate Costs Graduate Costs Net Price Calculator Types of Aid Types of Aid Federal & State
Catholic High School Graduates Tuition Exchange CAREER OUTCOMES REQUEST INFO Outcomes REQUEST INFO This calculator will
provide an estimate of what you might pay for your first year. Remember: This calculator is not intended for graduate,
readmitted, continuing, international non-resident visa holders, or part-time students. This is not an application for
admission or for financial aid The results will only be as reliable as the data you provide You still need to complete
the FAFSA or the CA Dream Act application by the deadlines in order to get an actual financial aid offer. Net Price
Calculator Office of Financial Aid Main Campus financialaid@usfca.edu (415) 422-3387 Lone Mountain Main 2032800 Turk
Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external)
Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect
Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus
Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Visit Give to USF myUSF Consumer Information Privacy
Title: President & Leadership | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/who-we-are/president-leadership 
 President & Leadership | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply
(Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students
Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change
Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's
University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San
Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board
of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create
Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree
Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research
Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate &
Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San
Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of
Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid
Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet
Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate
Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of
Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research
Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching
Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought
& the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms
Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts &
Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment
Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career
Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events President & Leadership Home Who We Are President &
scholars toward a future of service and excellence Board of Trustees Office of the President Leadership Team
tradition, academic excellence, our San Francisco location, diversity, and a global perspective. These five strengths,
and their integration into the fabric of campus life, set USF apart. Remote video URL OUR JESUIT MISSION AND CATHOLIC
IDENTITY LEAD US TO OFFER TRANSFORMATIVE EDUCATIONAL PROGRAMS, PRODUCE SCHOLARSHIP AND CREATIVE ACTIVITIES THAT UPHOLD
THE DIGNITY AND WORTH OF EVERY HUMAN PERSON, AND ENGAGE IN PUBLIC SERVICE AND CIVIC DEBATE THAT ENVISIONS A MORE JUST,
HUMAN, AND SUSTAINABLE FUTURE. Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA
94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external)
Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media
Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title
of San Francisco
Title: Apply to USF - Undergraduate Admission | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/admission/undergraduate/apply-to-usf 
 Apply to USF - Undergraduate Admission | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term
Search: Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu
Link) Students Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots
Agents for Change Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San
Francisco's University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus
Downtown San Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President &
Leadership Board of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics
Learn to Create Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs
Dual Degree Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support
Undergraduate Research Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions
Advising Graduate & Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates
Executive Education The San Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of
Arts & Sciences School of Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries
Admission & Aid Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates &
Deadlines Meet Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources
International Graduate Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price
Calculator Types of Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty &
Student Research Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies
Center for Teaching Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for
Catholic Social Thought & the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good
Innovation Labs Star Route Farms Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City
The Campus Experience Arts & Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student
Activities Student Employment Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing
Dining on Campus Career Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events UNDERGRADUATE ADMISSION Apply
to USF Home Admission & Aid Undergraduate Admission Apply to USF Change the world from here Use your education to make
First-Year Students What We Look For AP / IB / College Credit Test Optional ED / EA / RD First-Year Class Profile
First-Year Nursing Admission Transfer Students Transfer Students Transfer Credit Transferable Course Agreements Nursing
Transfer Requirements Engineering Transfer Requirements International Students International Students International
First-Year Students International Transfer Students English Language Proficiency International Cost of Attendance Why
USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet Your Admission Team Meet Your Admission Team Admission Counselors Student Ambassadors
Admission Events Admission Events Event Recordings REQUEST INFO Visit USF REQUEST Visit Get Started:Pick your Pathway
To get more information on how to apply, start by choosing the applicant page that best fits you. I am a.... First-Year
Transfer International First-Year International Transfer Returning Students Ready to apply now? Go straight to the USF
application. Start now, and you can come back anytime to finish. First-Year Application Transfer Application Already
status of your application. For all application questions, please email Application Services at appservices@usfca.edu.
Track Your Application Status Office of Undergraduate Admission Main Campus admission@usfca.edu (415) 422-6563 Lone
Mountain Main 2512800 Turk Blvd.San Francisco, CA 94118 Hours Monday - Friday: 8:30 a.m. - 5 p.m. Fax (415) 422-2217
Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us
Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube
(link is external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog
Bookstore Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Visit Give to USF myUSF Consumer
Title: Schools & Colleges | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/academics/schools-colleges 
 Schools & Colleges | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply (Menu
Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students
Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change
Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's
University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San
Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board
of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create
Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree
Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research
Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate &
Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San
Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of
Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid
Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet
Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate
Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of
Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research
Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching
Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought
& the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms
Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts &
Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment
Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career
Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events Schools & Colleges Home Academics Schools & Colleges
Explore your interests in one of our five schools and colleges. Make friends and meet future colleagues who share your
passion. Launch your life from here. College of Arts and Sciences Learn by doing. Make mistakes. Make connections.
Create a community of progress. College of Arts and Sciences School of Education Reach. Teach. Counsel. Support.
Inspire. Advance justice through education. School of Education School of Law Challenge the status. Question the quo.
Join the community in which justice is served daily. School of Law School of Management Join the teams that build the
future. Soak up the innovation and creativity of San Francisco. Learn to lead with purpose. School of Management School
of Nursing and Health Professions Transform our health system from the inside. Improve lives. Practice your compassion.
School of Nursing and Health Professions Keep Exploring Undergraduate Experience Graduate & Professional Experience
Libraries Take the Next Step Find Your Program Virtual Tour Visit USF Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130
Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is
external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us
Directory Careers at USF News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps &
Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Visit Give to USF myUSF Consumer Information Privacy Statement Web
Title: Apply to University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/explore/university-san-francisco 
 Apply to University of San FranciscoFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy college mattersPaying for collegeYour path to
collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer application guideDownload
mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender guideTransfer advisorsNews and
updatesSign inCreate an accountUniversity of San FranciscoApply for first-yearApply for transferUniversity of San
FranciscoApply for first-yearApply for transferAccepts first-year applicationsAccepts transfer
applicationsWestPrivateUrbanMedium (2,001 to 14,999)Co-EdReligious AffiliationNo letter of recommendation required -
First YearAccepts self-reported test scores - First YearGuaranteed admission program - TransferTest Optional/Flexible -
First YearNo letter of recommendation required - TransferTest Optional/Flexible - TransferVirtual TourAcademic
ProgramsArt & DesignBusinessCommunicationComputer
ScienceCulinaryDesignEconomicsEducationEngineeringFinance/AccountingGovernment/Political ScienceHealth ScienceLiberal
ArtsMusicNursingPerforming ArtsPsychologyPublic healthResearchScienceSocial JusticeSocial ScienceTechnologyVisual
ArtsStudent experienceAthleticsCo-op/Internship OpportunitiesCommunity Engaged LearningDisability ServicesGreek
LifeIntramural/Club SportsLGBTQIA ServicesMilitary/Veteran ServicesOn-Campus HousingROTC ProgramReligious
AffiliationStudy AbroadUndergraduate ResearchApplication informationFind out about requirements, fees, and
deadlinesFirst-yearYou should apply as a first-year student if you've graduated from high school within the last year
and have not taken any college coursework after your high school graduation. If you've taken any college coursework
after your high school graduation (regardless of the number of credits/units taken), you must apply as a transfer
student. | Application Fee: $70 | Early Action/Early Decision Application Deadline: November 1 | Regular Decision/Early
Decision II Application Deadline: January 15TransferYou should apply as a transfer student if you've graduated from
high school and taken any college coursework (regardless of the number of credits/units taken) after your high school
graduation. | Application Fee: $70 | Application Deadline: March 1 Image iconView image galleryAdditional
InformationVisit us"I chose USF because of its diverse and welcoming environment. I realized that this school presented
several opportunities to grow my career and allow me to meet people of all different kinds of backgrounds. After seeing
the various student organizations and majors, I truly believe that there is a place for everyone here at USF."Lana,
Class of 2026Apply for first-yearApply for transferAdmissions officeVisit usAddress2130 Fulton StreetSan Francisco, CA
94117, United States of AmericaEmailadmission@usfca.eduPhone number(415) 422-6563For first-year studentsAdmissions
websitewww.usfca.edu/admission/undergraduate/first-yearFinancial aid websitewww.usfca.edu/financial-aidFor transfer
studentsAdmissions websitewww.usfca.edu/admission/undergraduate/first-yearFinancial aid
websitewww.usfca.edu/admission/undergraduate/transfer-applicantsRegionWestView more in this regionFollow University of
San FranciscoFacebook iconYoutube iconInstagram iconThe Common ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding
principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a
memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn iconYoutube iconInstagram iconTerms of
Title: Application guide for first-year students
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/apply/first-year-students 
 Application guide for first-year studentsFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy college mattersPaying for collegeYour path
to collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer application
guideDownload mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender guideTransfer
advisorsNews and updatesSign inCreate an accountApplication guide for first-year studentsGet tips and best practices to
give yourself the best chance at success.Apply nowApplication guide for first-year studentsGet tips and best practices
to give yourself the best chance at success.Apply now What is Common App?Each year, more than 1 million students apply
to more than 1,000 Common App member colleges worldwide through our online college application platform. Learn more
about applying through our first-year application by following our step-by-step guide below.Create a Common App account
Previous1. Gather materials2. Create an account3. Add colleges4. Engage supporters5. Understanding requirements6. Plan
out your application takes time. A copy of your high school transcriptIn the Education section you will enter your high
school grades and current courses. Some colleges also need you to self report your high school transcript. You can
check out your Courses & Grades section to learn more. A list of your activities, work, and family responsibilitiesYou
can share your interests and who you are outside of the classroom in the activities section. You can share information
about things like work, hobbies, clubs, and community engagement. And don't forget, family responsibilities can be
important to share as well. This is the place to show colleges what makes you unique!Test scores and dates from your
college entrance exams (SATs, ACTs, etc.)You may self-report scores for any standardized tests in the Testing section.
Every college has different testing requirements. Some colleges will always need your test scores. Other colleges may
be flexible or have a test optional policy. Be sure to check the Testing policy of the colleges on your
list.Parent/Legal guardian informationMany colleges collect this information in the Family section for demographic
purposes. We will ask for your parents occupation, employment status, and education level. If applicable, we will also
ask which college(s) they attended and how many degrees they have earned.Academic honors and achievementsThe Activities
section isn't the only place to show your passion and where you excel! You will also have the chance to share any
academic honors or achievements from high school. 2.Create an accountGet started at any timeCreating a Common App
account is easy and should only take a few minutes.Account rolloverCommon App accounts can roll over from year to year!
With account rollover, you can start exploring Common App and save answers to questions in the Common App tab at any
accept the Common App, you're ready to start adding colleges.Fee WaiverA request to the college to remove the
application fee. Using either the Common App fee waiver, which your counselor must confirm, or a college-specific fee
waiver, you will not be required to pay the fee to submit your application.CoedCoed is a term used to describe a
college or university that offers the integrated education of male and female students in same environment.4.Engage
supportersCollaborate with counselors, teachers, and moreAll colleges need things like official school forms. Many
colleges will also ask for letters of recommendation.CounselorsCounselors share their perspective using the context of
the entire graduating class. They also submit the School Report and transcripts.ParentsParents will only need to submit
a form if you apply using a college's early decision deadline. They will fill out part of your early decision
agreement.TeachersTeachers give a firsthand account of your intellectual curiosity and creative thought.Other
RecommendersOther recommenders are usually non academic recommenders like coaches, employers, and peers. They give
insight into your interests and activities outside of the classroom.AdvisorsAdvisors do not submit any forms. They
track and check in on your application progress. Every college gets to choose their own recommendation requirements.
You can find more details on each college's "College Information" page.5.Understanding requirementsKeep track of each
CollegesEach college's Explore Colleges profile provides lots of information about the college. You can find details on
application information, campus culture, scheduling visits, and more.My CollegesIn the My Colleges or College Search
tab, you can learn more using a school's college information page. Here you can see requirements for testing, writing,
deadlines, and more.Requirements GridThe requirements grid is a comprehensive PDF that lists all the colleges that use
the Common App and their requirements. You can also find the grid within the application.Writing Requirements by
CollegeWe maintain a list of all Common App colleges and their essay prompts. This resource will help as you begin
planning your essays. For more help on planning essays, check out our essay planning worksheet. Account rolloverYou can
save answers to Common App tab questions year over year. So you can get started on things like your personal essay or
the activities section at any time. Responses to questions in your My Colleges do not stay year over year. Only get
started on things like college-specific questions, writing supplements, or portfolios if you intend to apply this
school year. For more info, check out our account rollover FAQ. 6.Plan essaysOrganize and plan for your writing
promptsSometimes writings essays can feel like the biggest part of your application. With a little bit of planning,
organizing, and drafting, we can help you make this task more manageable.Common App Personal EssayColleges can either
make the personal essay optional or required. In the writing section of your Common App tab, you will see a table that
lists each college's requirements.College-specific questionsMany colleges include short answer questions or essay
prompts within this section. You can find specific information about each college's individual writing prompts
here.Writing supplementsSome colleges use a separate writing supplement. Not all colleges have a writing supplement.
Some colleges only request this supplement based on how you answer other questions. You can find more information about
writing supplements on the Dashboard or your My Colleges tab. Counselor tipTools like Google Drive can be very helpful
applicationReview and submit your application Get ready to begin your journeyWalk through the application with us
before you apply.Need help? Contact our Solutions Center.Request supportThe Common ApplicationAboutAccess and
equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and insightsContactNews and
updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn iconYoutube
Application, Inc
Title: Student guides and resources
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/apply/student-guides-and-resources 
 Student guides and resourcesFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy college mattersPaying for collegeYour path to
collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer application guideDownload
mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender guideTransfer advisorsNews and
updatesSign inCreate an accountStudent guides and resourcesStudent guides and resourcesFirst-year studentsBelow are the
resources to help you apply to over 1000 schools with one application.ResourcesYour path to collegeDiscover checklists
and advice to help you stay on track with your college preparation. View the checklists Step-by-step guideThis guide
walks you through building and submitting your first-year application through Common App.Review the guide First-Year
toolkitFind information on everything from completing the activities section to getting letters of recommendation and
more.Explore resources Transfer studentsCommon App is here for transfer students. We simplify the college application
process by connecting you to a diverse range of public and private institutions in all 50 U.S. states and 20
countries.ResourcesCommunity college checklist Tips for community college transfer students.View the checklist
Military-connected checklistWhether you're starting college or completing your degree, we're here to help. Use this
checklist to explore your options and access important resources.View the checklist Transfer application guideThis
guide walks you through building and submitting your transfer application through Common App.Guide me Transfer toolkitA
collection of tips and best practices designed to help you complete your application successfully and on time.Explore
the toolkit Transfer resource centerThe Common App Transfer Resource Center informs transfer students. It explains
credit evaluations, credit for prior learning, and guaranteed admissions. It also provides information to help
pregnant, parenting, and military-connected students with factors to consider when choosing a school.Go to the transfer
resource center The Common ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext
ChapterPartnersReports and insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with
#commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn iconYoutube iconInstagram iconTerms of usePrivacy policyFraud policyCookie
Title: Common App Essay Prompts
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/apply/essay-prompts 
 Common App Essay PromptsFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy college mattersPaying for collegeYour path to collegeApply
to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer application guideDownload mobile
appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender guideTransfer advisorsNews and
updatesSign inCreate an accountFirst-year essay promptsCommon App has announced the 2024-2025 essay prompts.
ResourcesSolutions center for first-year studentsVisit our first-year student solutions center Solutions center for
transfer studentsVisit our transfer student help center The Common ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding
principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a
memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn iconYoutube iconInstagram iconTerms of
Title: Application guide for transfer students
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/apply/transfer-students 
 Application guide for transfer studentsFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy college mattersPaying for collegeYour path to
collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer application guideDownload
mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender guideTransfer advisorsNews and
updatesSign inCreate an accountApplication guide for transfer studentsGet tips and best practices for putting together
your best application.Apply nowApplication guide for transfer studentsGet tips and best practices for putting together
your best application.Apply now What is Common App for transfer?Common App for transfer is an online application that
makes applying to college faster and easier. Through a single platform, you'll be able to search for and apply to any
one of the more than 600 colleges that accept Common App for transfer. Whether you're applying to transfer from another
4-year institution or community college or looking to continue your path towards a degree by re-enrolling, Common App
for transfer can help you get to where you want to be.Create a Common App for transfer account Previous1. Gather
materials2. Create an account3. Add programs4. Engage supporters5. Transcript collection Next1.Gather materialsThe info
educational courseworkSome programs you apply to might ask you to provide this information. You can see what each
program on your list requires in the College Coursework area of the Academic History section. You also have the option
to add any continuing education courses you have taken. Test scores and dates from any standardized testsSome programs
will ask you to report these test scores. You can check the testing policy of the programs on your list in the Program
Materials section.Employment info, extracurricular activities, and achievementsOn Common App for transfer, you have the
option to share your experiences, things like research, internships, volunteer work, and more. This is the place to
show colleges what makes you unique. 2.Create an accountTake the first step in the application processCreating an
account is simple.Counselor tipUse an email address that you check regularly. Colleges may need to get in touch with
application.4.Engage supportersGet letters of recommendation and school formsIn addition to your application, many
colleges ask for additional documents to be submitted by recommenders on your behalf. 5.Transcript collectionSubmit
your college coursework, if requiredSome programs may ask for official or unofficial transcripts. Others may not ask
for any at all. Get ready to begin your journeyWalk through the transfer application with us before you apply.Find
additional support at the help centerRequest supportThe Common ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding
principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a
memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn iconYoutube iconInstagram iconTerms of
Title: Common App for mobile
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/mobile 
 Common App for mobileFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy college mattersPaying for collegeYour path to collegeApply to
collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer application guideDownload mobile
appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender guideTransfer advisorsNews and
updatesSign inCreate an accountCommon App for mobileNavigate the entire first-year college application journey on any
device with our mobile app.Work on your applicationSearch for colleges, request recommendations, write your essays, and
college requirements using your dashboard checklist.Get informedGet helpful information about approaching deadlines and
any remaining tasks you have to complete to submit your first-year applications. Your future is mobileCommon App for
mobile lets you work on your first-year college applications whenever and wherever you'd like. Stay on track by working
on your application on whichever device is most convenient for you. Our transfer student application is only available
via web browser at this time.Download Common App for mobile Apply from any device at any timeDownload the mobile appGet
helpReach out to our solutions center team in an instant, whenever you may need it, 24/7/365.Request supportThe Common
ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and
insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn
Common Application, Inc
Title: Common App recommender system
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/counselors-and-recommenders/recommender-system 
 Common App recommender systemFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy college mattersPaying for collegeYour path to
collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer application guideDownload
mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender guideTransfer advisorsNews and
updatesSign inCreate an accountSupport for all studentsThe Common App recommender system offers a simple way to manage
your workflow and support your students as they explore post-secondary opportunities.Introducing the Common App
recommender system At Common App, we know it can be difficult for counselors and recommenders to support all their
students through the college application process. Common App recommender system is a free solution that streamlines the
recommendation process and supports all your students applying through Common App. Plus, our advisor tools make it easy
for independent counselors and CBOs to track the progress of their students.Explore the rec systemExample of the
counselor workflow1Track student progressAccess each student's college list, track their progress, view specific
college requirements, and see the submission status of teacher recommendations. Additionally, you can export student
data into a spreadsheet. 2Stay on top of tasks and deadlinesGet a snapshot view of upcoming tasks and deadlines so you
can prioritize work more efficiently. Quickly view which tasks and forms you need to complete for each student. 3Manage
school profile infoUpdate school profile information to share with Common App member colleges and universities, such as
student demographics, curricular offerings, and grading system. 4Submit school forms and transcriptsManage the
collecton and submission of school forms and transcripts in one centralized place to ensure timely completion of
materials.Example of the counselor workflow1. Track student progressAccess college lists for each of your students.
Track individual student progress, view individual college requirements, and see the submission status of teacher
recommendations. You also have the option to export your student data. 2. Stay on top of tasks and deadlinesGet a
snapshot view of upcoming tasks and deadlines so you can prioritize work more efficiently. Quickly view which tasks and
forms you need to complete for each student.3. Manage school profile infoUpdate school profile information to share
with Common App member colleges and universities, such as student demographics, curricular offerings, and grading
system. 4. Submit school forms and transcriptsManage the collection and submission of school forms and transcripts in
one centralized place to ensure timely completion of materials.How can the Common App recommender system help you?For
school counselorsImprove recommendation workflow for you and your school community. Manage school profile information
See roster of all students applying to college through Common App Track progress on submission deadlines and transcript
collection across your entire student population For teachers and other recommendersEasily create and submit letters of
recommendation on behalf of students. See students that request your recommendation Track deadlines for requests and
form submissions View counselors assigned to each student For independent counselors and advisorsGain insight about
and submission status Preview application materials before submission Ready to get started?Access our recommender guide
team is available 24/7/365 to help you help your students. Visit our support portal to: View Frequently Asked Questions
Access training materials and videos Submit a support ticket Request supportSign up for our counselor newsletterGet
and feedback sessions. Sign upThe Common ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our
boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect
with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn iconYoutube iconInstagram iconTerms of usePrivacy policyFraud
Title: Common App Ready
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/counselors-and-recommenders/common-app-ready 
 Common App ReadyFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy college mattersPaying for collegeYour path to collegeApply to
collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer application guideDownload mobile
appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender guideTransfer advisorsNews and
updatesSign inCreate an accountCommon App ReadyA complete toolkit of tips and best practices designed to help your
students complete their applications successfully and on time.First-yearTransferGetting startedPreparing your
applicationTelling your storyWorking with recommenders and advisorsPaying for collegeGetting startedGet to know the
revised 11/06/23View PDFHow the First Year Common App WorksPDFLast revised 10/27/23View PDFApplication DictionaryPDF
Last revised 03/18/24View PDFCommon App for International Applicants PDFLast revised 03/24/23View PDFThe Pathfinder:
Find the school that fits youPDFLast revised 07/17/24View PDFPreparing your applicationResources on getting organized
revised 04/08/24View PDFMy College Requirements WorksheetPDFLast revised 04/08/24View PDFHigh School Details
Information SheetPDFLast revised 04/08/24View PDFFERPA & Your ApplicationPDFLast revised 04/08/24View PDFUnderstanding
the Testing Section in Common AppPDFLast revised 08/09/24View PDFTelling your storyUse the different features of the
SectionPDFLast revised 10/27/23View PDFHow to approach the essayPDFLast revised 04/08/24View PDFWorking with
all resourcesUnderstanding the Recommendation ProcessPDFLast revised 10/26/22View PDFConnecting with UStrive
MentorsPDFLast revised 08/04/22View PDFFamily Brag SheetPDFLast revised 11/06/23View PDFCounselor Brag SheetPDFLast
revised 11/06/23View PDFTeacher Brag SheetPDFLast revised 11/06/23View PDFPaying for collegeLearn about application
Fees & Fee WaiversPDFLast revised 10/27/23View PDFUnderstanding your financial aid offerPDFLast revised 10/27/23View
PDFNeed help? Contact our Solutions Center.Request supportThe Common ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding
principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a
memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn iconYoutube iconInstagram iconTerms of
Title: Recommender guide
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/counselors-and-recommenders/recommender-guide 
 Recommender guideFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy college mattersPaying for collegeYour path to collegeApply to
collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer application guideDownload mobile
appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender guideTransfer advisorsNews and
updatesSign inCreate an accountRecommender guideGet everything you need to complete your recommendations within the
Common App system.What is the Common App for recommenders?Common App for recommenders helps you organize and submit
letters of recommendation. Here, you can track requests, manage your school's information, and submit transcripts. The
first-year Common App for recommenders has extra tools to track student progress on the Common App.Get startedLearn
about the systemComplete formsSubmit formsGet startedCreate an account to begin completing recommender forms in the
Common App.To create a recommender account an applicant must first invite you as a recommender. First Year Recommender
TypesTransfer Recommender TypesLearn about the systemTake a tour and learn more about how the system works.First Year
your students.First Year Recommender SystemTransfer Recommender SystemResourcesWriting guide for counselors and
teachersCounselor and teacher recommendations show a student's personality and strengths from different viewpoints.
This guide gives examples of key student traits that admissions committees look for and explains how each writer might
discuss them.View the resource Writing effective letters of recommendationRecommendation letters help colleges get to
know students better from a different perspective. These letters provide insight into what makes a student unique in
the classroom, at school, or in their community. Here are tips to effectively advocate for your students.View the
resource Developing a school profileEvery high school in the U.S. and around the world is different. A school profile
is a document that provides colleges with context about a high school community. Check out our tips for developing a
school profile.View the resource Submit formsLearn how you can submit forms and how they get to colleges.Find
additional support with our Solutions CenterRequest supportNewsletter for counselors and recommendersGet monthly
feedback sessions.Sign upThe Common ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our
boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect
with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn iconYoutube iconInstagram iconTerms of usePrivacy policyFraud
Title: Transfer counselors and advisors | Common App
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/transfer-counselors-and-advisors 
 Transfer counselors and advisors | Common AppFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy college mattersPaying for collegeYour
path to collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer application
guideDownload mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender guideTransfer
advisorsNews and updatesSign inCreate an accountTransfer counselors and advisorsLearn how Common App for transfer can
help you support your students as they make the transition from community college to a 4-year college or
university.Explore transfer collegesTransfer counselors and advisorsLearn how Common App for transfer can help you
support your students as they make the transition from community college to a 4-year college or university.Explore
transfer collegesHelp for those who help studentsAccess our free toolkit, support, and training resources to help
community college students looking to transfer to a 4-year school using Common App.Recommender guideEverything you need
to complete a Common App for transfer recommendation.Access our transfer recommender guideCommon App Ready for
transferOur free, ready-to-use toolkit for introducing your transfer students to Common App.Access our transfer
counselor toolkitTransfer Help CenterOur transfer applicant and recommender support team is available all year round to
assist you and your students.Access our transfer help centerTips for community college transfer studentsView our
community college checklistAre you and your students Common App Ready?We've put together a set of ready-to-use
resources for community college transfer advisors to help students navigate the college application process using
Common App for transfer. Download Common App Ready today.Access our transfer student resourcesGet a free mapWant an
easy way to talk to your students about applying for transfer with Common App? The Common App Map is a great,
interactive way to see the more than 700 colleges and universities that accept Common App for transfer.Request a
participate in our ongoing counselor workshops and feedback sessions.Sign upThe Common ApplicationAboutAccess and
equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and insightsContactNews and
updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn iconYoutube
Application, Inc
Title: News and updates
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/blog 
 News and updatesFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy college mattersPaying for collegeYour path to collegeApply to
collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer application guideDownload mobile
appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender guideTransfer advisorsNews and
equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and insightsContactNews and
updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn iconYoutube
Application, Inc
Title: Why college matters
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/plan/why-college-matters 
 Why college mattersFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy college mattersPaying for collegeYour path to collegeApply to
collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer application guideDownload mobile
appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender guideTransfer advisorsNews and
make friends for life and learn important lessons about yourself. It's where you'll go to reach new heights. How will
you reach higher this year?College is about defying expectations, breaking the mold, and finding yourself. In short,
beginning, and you'll have support from us all along the way. Let's see how far you can go.You have curiosity. Explore
it.You have a purpose. Become it.You have potential. Exceed it.NEXTPaying for collegeLearn how to pay for collegeThe
Common ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and
insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn
Common Application, Inc
Title: Paying for college
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/plan/paying-for-college 
 Paying for collegeFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy college mattersPaying for collegeYour path to collegeApply to
collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer application guideDownload mobile
appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender guideTransfer advisorsNews and
citizen, completing the FAFSA (Free Application for Federal Student Aid) can help you pay for college. This free
application allows you to apply for grants, loans, and work-study funds from the U.S. government. States and colleges
also use information from your FAFSA to determine additional aid you may be eligible to receive. Filing the FAFSA is an
FAFSA. Due to significant changes and improvements, this form opened in December 2023, later than usual. To complete
the FAFSA, you must create an account called a Federal Student Aid ID (FSA ID). Complete the FAFSACompleting the
2024-25 FAFSAThis livestream recording walks students and families through the entire FAFSA by section, outlining
necessary information, detailing common pain points, and discussing how to answer questions. This presentation also
gives a bit of insight into what comes after the FAFSA by discussing the financial aid timeline, plus a brief
introduction to the FAFSA Submission Summary (formerly called SAR) and verification. Following the presentation, a Q&A
session was held, along with details on how to reach out to uAspire if you have additional questions.Federal Student
Aid YouTube ChannelThe Federal Student Aid (FSA) YouTube channel shares step-by-step videos of information and
resources related to the financial aid process. All information comes directly from the U.S. Department of Education.
Their resources help make college education possible for everyone.Explore FSA videosFinancial planning for collegeThe
federal governmentFrom federal grants and student loans to employment through the federal work-study program, the U.S.
Department of Education awards about $150 billion a year to more than 15 million students. Visit the Office of Federal
Student Aid to learn more.Your state governmentSimilar to the federal government, your home state offers various types
grant agency.Colleges and universitiesMany colleges and universities provide financial aid and scholarships from their
own funds, sometimes for a particular field of study. To learn if a school offers this type of financial support, visit
the financial aid section of their website or contact their financial aid office directly. PRO TIP: College financial
never too early to set aside funds to pay for college. There are even specific government-sponsored savings plans to
help you do just that. To learn about savings opportunities and strategies, visit the Office of Federal Student Aid and
check out their guide to saving early. PRO TIP: Wondering what a particular college might cost? Get an estimate using
many sources. Start by visiting the Office of Federal Student Aid to learn about the different types of financial aid
available (like grants, loans, and work-study). Then, when you're ready to apply, you'll need to complete the FAFSA
(Free Application for Federal Student Aid). PRO TIP: Get a head start on the process by using the Federal Student Aid
Estimator. This tool provides an estimate of your eligibility for federal student aid.Explore scholarship
opportunitiesMost scholarships are awarded by individual colleges in recognition of academic performance, athletic
excellence, a commitment to community service, or other unique talents. You can learn about these opportunities by
opportunities through local, regional, and national non-profit organizations. PRO TIP: There are a lot of scams out
there. The Office of Federal Student Aid can help you avoid scams, prevent identity theft, and find true scholarships.
PRO TIP: Do your research on scholarships! Make sure you talk with the college or university in which you may enroll to
understand how their financial aid packages are put together. Call the financial aid office at the college or
university of your choice before accepting scholarships. Ask the college or university of your choice for information
about how they treat outside scholarships, and what implications they might have for your total financial aid package.
Making college more affordableFor many applicants and their families, the most daunting aspect of the journey to
alleviate many of the burdens associated with paying for college.Access our planning resourcesAdditional
resourcesOffice of Federal Student AidIt's never too early to set aside funds to pay for college.Visit the Office of
Federal Student Aid Net price calculatorGet estimates for a particular college or university.Calculate net price for
college Federal Student Aid EstimatorEstimate your eligibility for federal student aid.Estimate your federal aid Common
App Fee WaiversYou may qualify for an application fee waiver.Learn about Common App fee waivers The Common
ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and
insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn
Common Application, Inc
Title: Your path to college
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/plan/your-path-to-college 
 Your path to collegeFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy college mattersPaying for collegeYour path to collegeApply to
collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer application guideDownload mobile
appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender guideTransfer advisorsNews and
matter where you are in the process. Choose your current grade below to see how you can stay on track.High
about your subjects in school and also about yourself. If your plan is to go to college, all that learning will help
available to you.Access 9th grade checklist10th gradeLast year, you started looking at opportunities and exploring
the year college changes from a distant concept looming in your future to an actual reality to prepare for today.Access
two-year college is a great step toward reaching your educational goals. Learn how to take the next important step
toward earning a bachelor's degree at a four-year institution.Access community college checklistMilitary-connected
studentsWhen you decide the time is right to continue your postsecondary education, we want to make sure your
experience shines through in your college applications.Access military-connected students checklistThe Common
ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and
insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn
Common Application, Inc
Title: Common App impact
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/about/common-app-impact 
 Common App impactFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy college mattersPaying for collegeYour path to collegeApply to
collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer application guideDownload mobile
appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender guideTransfer advisorsNews and
updatesSign inCreate an accountCommon App impactAboutAccess and equityBecome a memberCommon App impactGuiding
principlesJoin our boardLeadership and boardNext ChapterPartner organizationsReports and insightsThe Common
ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and
insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn
Common Application, Inc
 url: https://www.instagram.com/commonapp 
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/about/next-chapter 
college mattersPaying for collegeYour path to collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and
resourcesEssay promptsTransfer application guideDownload mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App
Ready toolkitRecommender guideTransfer advisorsNews and updatesSign inCreate an accountOur Next ChapterA group of
colleges and universities came together in 1975 to streamline the college application process by creating a common
application form for students. Nearly 50 years later, Common App continues to open doors to opportunity.Our Next
ChapterA group of colleges and universities came together in 1975 to streamline the college application process by
creating a common application form for students. Nearly 50 years later, Common App continues to open doors to
opportunity.The challengeOver the last decade alone, Common App has made huge strides in expanding access for students.
Since 2019, low-income applicants have increased at nearly three times the rate of higher-income applicants. Yet, even
with a diverse membership of more than 1,000 institutions, students from low-income communities are still significantly
underrepresented in our applicant pool.Our moonshotCommon App has set a bold goal to focus its work in the next
chapter. We call it our moonshot: By 2030, Common App will close its equity gap in students pursuing postsecondary
opportunityOur workSupporting membersCollege applicants experience different barriers in the college application
process, where some have greater resources than others to help navigate the way. Supporting counselors and
advisorsGetting students to college starts early. Counselors are trusted voices to students who can help accelerate the
path to meeting our moonshot.Doing more with dataExtracurricular ActivitiesWhite applicants reported an average of
nearly 47% more activities than Black applicants; continuing-generation applicants reported an average of almost 37%
more than first-generation applicants; and fee waiver non-recipients reported an average of 35% more than fee waiver
populations (one-quarter were underrepresented minority students, one-third were first-generation students and just 6%
were from low-income households) and are typically transferring from a four-year university or a high-transfer
traditional community college.Download PDF Early DeadlinesWhile early deadlines are increasingly popular overall and
may confer admissions advantages for students, our data show that applicants historically underrepresented in higher
education generally appear to make their college application decisions later in the process. A large share of
low-income applicants did not apply early compared to higher-income applicants who were significantly more likely to
apply either early decision or early action (52% vs. 29%).Download PDF Stay up to dateNews and updatesContact
supportFind additional support through our Solutions CenterContact supportContact member supportIf you represent a
college or university interested in Common App, we look forward to hearing from you!Member contactThe Common
ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and
insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn
Common Application, Inc
Title: Cookie notice
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/cookie-notice 
 Cookie noticeFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy college mattersPaying for collegeYour path to collegeApply to
collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer application guideDownload mobile
appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender guideTransfer advisorsNews and
updatesSign inCreate an accountCookie noticeCookie Notice1. What are cookies?2. What is a mobile advertising
identifier?3. Who places cookies on your device?4. What types of cookies and similar tracking technologies are used on
the Website and why?5. Your choices6. Opt-out from targeted advertisements7. Changes8. QuestionsThe Common
ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and
insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn
Common Application, Inc
Title: Apply to college with Common App | Your future starts here
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/ 
 Apply to college with Common App | Your future starts hereFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy college mattersPaying for
collegeYour path to collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer
application guideDownload mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender
guideTransfer advisorsNews and updatesSign inCreate an accountYour future starts hereApply to college for the first
time or transfer to complete your degree. Navigate your entire college application journey with Common App.Start your
applicationYour future starts hereApply to college for the first time or transfer to complete your degree. Navigate
your entire college application journey with Common App.Start your applicationExplore more than 1,000 colleges on
Common AppSearch by filter (optional)Accepts first-year applicationsAccepts transfer applicationsPublicPrivateSmall
(2,000 and under)Medium (2,001 to 14,999)Large (15,000+)RuralSuburbanUrbanHBCUHispanic-serving institutionStartOr view
all colleges The world is ready for you. Be ready for the world.Common App and Reach Higher have united to inspire more
people to complete their education and own their future, no matter what it holds. Get valuable advice from students who
have been in your shoes.Learn about our access initiativesPlan your futureGet connected with everything you need to
apply to college, research financial aid and scholarships, and get advice from counselors, advisors and mentors.Why
college mattersCollege is worth it. Your future is worth it. You are worth it.Learn why college mattersPaying for
collegeThere are lots of options available to you. We can help you find them.Learn how to pay for collegeYour college
roadmapThe path may seem unclear. We can help you find your way.Learn how to get to collegeYour complete
need to take that next step towards a brighter future.First-year student guideTransfer student guideNews and
season with over 1,100 colleges and universitiesAugust 01, 2024Reminder: Common App system refreshJuly 19, 2024123See
either. Access counselor resourcesBecome a member collegeWe strive for access, equity, and integrity in the college
admission process. Your membership makes it all possible.View membership benefitsEvents and webinars8SepCOE Annual
ConferenceThe COE Annual Conference brings together over 1,500 leaders, educators, and advocates committed to advancing
college access and success.New York Hilton Midtown12SepCommon App Direct Admissions: Counselor updates and
resourcesJoin us to learn how you can support students and families who receive Common App Direct Admissions
offers.Virtual16Sep2024 NCAN National ConferenceJoin thousands of postsecondary access and success professionals for
networking, learning, knowledge-sharing, and celebrating members in the field.Anaheim Marriott24SepNCAC Conference
2024The event for college admission counseling professionals will feature over 6,000 attendees, 200+ exhibitors,
networking opportunities, 100+ educational sessions, and more.Los Angeles Convention Center1234See all eventsHave a
question? Contact our support teamThe Common ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our
boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect
with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn iconYoutube iconInstagram iconTerms of usePrivacy policyFraud
Title: Application affirmations
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/application-affirmations 
 Application affirmationsFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy college mattersPaying for collegeYour path to collegeApply
to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer application guideDownload mobile
appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender guideTransfer advisorsNews and
updatesSign inCreate an accountApplication affirmationsAffirmation statementsFERPA AffirmationThe Common
ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and
insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn
Common Application, Inc
Title: x.com
 url: https://twitter.com/CommonApp 
 x.com
Title: Partner Organizations
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/about/partners 
 Partner OrganizationsFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy college mattersPaying for collegeYour path to collegeApply to
collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer application guideDownload mobile
appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender guideTransfer advisorsNews and
updatesSign inCreate an accountPartner OrganizationsAboutAccess and equityBecome a memberCommon App impactGuiding
principlesJoin our boardLeadership and boardNext ChapterPartner organizationsReports and insightsGet in touchContact us
if you are interested in partneringContact Common AppThe Common ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding
principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a
memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn iconYoutube iconInstagram iconTerms of
Title: Common App | LinkedIn
 url: https://www.linkedin.com/company/the-common-application/ 
 Common App | LinkedIn Skip to main content LinkedIn Articles People Learning Jobs Games Join now Sign in Common App
Higher Education Arlington, VA 14,384 followers We are dedicated to access, equity, and integrity in the college
admission process. See jobs Follow View all 168 employees Report this company About us Common App is a not-for-profit
organization of more than 1,000 colleges and universities in the United States and around the world. Since 1975, Common
App has been committed to the pursuit of access, equity, and integrity in the college admission process. Website
https://www.commonapp.org External link for Common App Industry Higher Education Company size 51-200 employees
Headquarters Arlington, VA Type Nonprofit Founded 1975 Specialties Higher Education, College Counseling, Admission and
Enrollment, and Applying to College Locations Primary 3003 Washington Blvd Arlington, VA 22201, US Get directions
Employees at Common App Annette Williams Collins Wyman Lee Wyatt Shaw Principal Product Manager at Common App Marc
partners. See all employees Updates Common App 14,384 followers 1w Report this post We are proud to release our 2023-24
end-of-season report, highlighting key trends and data in college applications. This year, we saw significant growth in
applications from underrepresented and first-generation students. These developments reflect our dedication and
enthusiasm towards our moonshot goal, and we are proud of the strides we have made in the early stages of our Next
Chapter. Discover how these insights are influencing the future of higher education by reading the full report here:
https://lnkd.in/duxFyjrB 18 Like Comment Share Common App 14,384 followers 2w Report this post The 2024-25 application
season is off to a fast start! The first application of the season went to Marquette University! In the season's first
three days, 300,000+ students created accounts, and 10,000+ sent over 25,000 applications to 876 schools. Keep those
from Common App, Mike Nylund of Scholarship America, Alan Byrd from George Mason University, and Ashley Pallie from
Caltech. We need your vote to bring this important conversation to a larger stage! Please take a moment to vote and
#SXSWEDU PanelPicker | SXSW Conference & Festivals panelpicker.sxsw.com 19 Like Comment Share Common App reposted this
an account, and 10,254 applicants have submitted 25,993 applications to 876 colleges. Data provided by Common App. 431
https://bit.ly/3SFFbLu 19 1 Comment Like Comment Share Common App 14,384 followers 4w Report this post ICYMI: Common
App has been working with Scholarship America and Equitable to give students more access to scholarships and make
pursue their educational goals! bit.ly/4c2YG7w 26 Like Comment Share Common App 14,384 followers 1mo Report this post
We enjoyed celebrating #CommonAppDay with everyone who participated, but the celebration doesn't end here. Explore the
hashtag #CommonAppDay to see how others kicked off their journey into college admissions. Keep tagging us and sharing
Report this post The Common App 2024-2025 application season is here! We're thrilled to support millions of students in
their journey to higher education. With over 1100 member colleges and universities, there's a perfect fit for everyone.
Report this post We are excited to share our newest scholarship outreach brief, which delves into our partnership with
Scholarship America and Equitable to support underrepresented students through the Equitable Excellence Scholarship
program. Our targeted email outreach efforts have led to a significant increase in scholarship applications, diversity
in applicant pools, and over $350,000 more in scholarship funds awarded for the 2022-23 season. This brief highlights
our strategies, successes, and ongoing commitment to making higher education accessible for all. Read the full report
here: https://bit.ly/4c2YG7w 40 Like Comment Share Common App 14,384 followers 1mo Edited Report this post Common App
is getting #FiredUp to join counseling professionals in Kansas City, Missouri for the American School Counselor
learn how Reach Higher and Common App's partnership continue to increase student engagement and remove barriers to
postsecondary education led by Stephanie Owens, Jameia Tennie, and Jacob Boillat, MBA. Be sure to stop by our booth to
connect with our team, receive Common App account support, and celebrate the 10th anniversary of Reach Higher. Learn
more: https://bit.ly/3z1VafV #ASCA24 #CommonApp #ReachHigher 14 Like Comment Share Join now to see what you are missing
Find people you know at Common App Browse recommended jobs for you View all updates, news, and articles Join now
Similar pages The College Board Education Administration Programs New York, NY Reach Higher Higher Education Arlington,
Virginia Collegewise Education Management Newport Beach, California Amplify Education Administration Programs Brooklyn,
NY QuestBridge Higher Education Palo Alto, California EAB Higher Education Washington, DC Spark Admissions Higher
Education National College Attainment Network (NCAN) Higher Education Washington, District of Columbia Pearson
Education IvyWise Higher Education New York, NY Show more similar pages Show fewer similar pages Browse jobs Project
Manager jobs 312,603 open jobs Manager jobs 2,003,890 open jobs Admissions Counselor jobs 1,455 open jobs Director jobs
1,374,979 open jobs Specialist jobs 849,142 open jobs Coach jobs 246,275 open jobs Recruiter jobs 321,337 open jobs
Counselor jobs 143,560 open jobs Education Manager jobs 81,185 open jobs Executive jobs 700,389 open jobs Account
Manager jobs 152,491 open jobs Communications Manager jobs 89,156 open jobs Advisor jobs 298,862 open jobs Associate
jobs 1,094,512 open jobs Marketing Communications Consultant jobs 5,544 open jobs Vice President jobs 243,153 open jobs
Analyst jobs 760,055 open jobs Account Executive jobs 87,726 open jobs Admissions Advisor jobs 1,284 open jobs
Marketing Manager jobs 145,613 open jobs Show more jobs like this Show fewer jobs like this Funding Common App 1 total
round Last Round Grant Mar 15, 2022 External Crunchbase Link for last round of funding US$ 175.0K Investors Lumina
Foundation See more info on crunchbase More searches More searches Common App jobs College Counselor jobs Reader jobs
Delivery Lead jobs Developer jobs Engineer jobs Frontend Developer jobs Project Management Specialist jobs Associate
Project Manager jobs Project Manager jobs Marketing Associate jobs Junior Project Manager jobs Founder jobs Development
Manager jobs Tutor jobs Senior Editor jobs Officer jobs Principal jobs Instructional Coach jobs Principal Product
Manager jobs Curriculum Specialist jobs Technology Specialist jobs Manager jobs Specialist jobs Corporate Finance
Analyst jobs Investment Banking Associate jobs Business Intelligence Analyst jobs Risk Analyst jobs Academic Manager
jobs Analyst jobs Recruiter jobs Educational Consultant jobs Instructional Designer jobs Account Manager jobs Paralegal
jobs Writer jobs Director of Admissions jobs Campus Recruiter jobs Counselor jobs Relationship Manager jobs Event
Manager jobs Advisor jobs Consultant jobs Support Specialist jobs Diversity and Inclusion Manager jobs Director of
Education jobs Equity Specialist jobs Contract Administrator jobs Education Program Manager jobs User Experience
Researcher jobs Administrative Director jobs Director of Administration jobs Executive jobs Executive Director jobs
Senior jobs Advocacy Manager jobs Program Manager jobs Coordinator jobs Content Manager jobs Associate Director of
Cookie Policy. Sign in to see who you already know at Common App Sign in Welcome back Email or phone Password Show
Policy, and Cookie Policy. New to LinkedIn? Join now or By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to
Title: Fraud Policy
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/fraud-policy 
 Fraud PolicyFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy college mattersPaying for collegeYour path to collegeApply to
collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer application guideDownload mobile
appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender guideTransfer advisorsNews and
updatesSign inCreate an accountFraud PolicyCommon Application Fraud PolicyOverviewScopeFraudRegistered UserReporting
IndividualReporting MemberIdentification and/or Report of Alleged FraudOther ConsiderationsActions Subsequent to a
Fraud DeterminationThe Common ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext
ChapterPartnersReports and insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with
#commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn iconYoutube iconInstagram iconTerms of usePrivacy policyFraud policyCookie
Title: Common App
 url: https://apply.commonapp.org/createaccount 
 Common App Please wait, the page is loading.
Title: Leadership and board
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/about/board-of-directors 
 Leadership and boardFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy college mattersPaying for collegeYour path to collegeApply to
collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer application guideDownload mobile
appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender guideTransfer advisorsNews and
updatesSign inCreate an accountLeadership and boardAboutAccess and equityBecome a memberCommon App impactGuiding
principlesJoin our boardLeadership and boardNext ChapterPartner organizationsReports and insightsPresident & CEO"Common
App is a proven engine for advancing college access. I believe deeply in the transformative effect that higher
colleagues and their institutions as we all navigate the increasingly dynamic and complex enrollment landscape." Jenny
Rickard, President & CEOBoard of DirectorsVincena AllenChief Growth Officer The SEED Foundation (DC)Yvonne BerumenVice
President of Admission and Financial Aid Pitzer College (CA)Dale BittingerAssistant Vice Provost, Strategic
Undergraduate Engagement, Partnerships, and Pathways University of Maryland, Baltimore CountyCarolyn BlairDirector of
Counseling Services Clayton High School (MO)Adele BrumfieldVice Provost, Enrollment Management University of
MichiganKim CookChief Executive Officer National College Attainment Network Miguel CostaAssociate Dean of Admissions
and Outreach IE University (Spain) Jeffery GatesSenior Vice President Enrollment and Marketing Stetson University
(FL)Steve HahnSenior Director for Higher Education Huron Consulting GroupAdrienne Amador OddiVice President, Strategic
Morehouse College (GA) Stephen SmithCEO IntellisparkWhitney SouleVice Provost & Dean of Admissions University of
PennsylvaniaTevera D. StithVice President, Alumni Impact KIPP FoundationSara StricklandSchool Counselor City Academy
Charter School (UT) Anna TakahashiDirector of College Counseling Eastside College Prep (CA)Jonathan B.
WilliamsAssociate Vice President for Undergraduate Admissions and Pre-College Access and Pathways New York University
(NY)Jenny RickardPresident & Chief Executive Officer Common App (Ex Officio)Join our boardThe Common
ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and
insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn
Common Application, Inc
Title: About Common App | Common App
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/about 
 About Common App | Common AppFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy college mattersPaying for collegeYour path to
collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer application guideDownload
mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender guideTransfer advisorsNews and
updatesSign inCreate an accountAboutAboutAccess and equityBecome a memberCommon App impactGuiding principlesJoin our
boardLeadership and boardNext ChapterPartner organizationsReports and insightsThe Common ApplicationAboutAccess and
equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and insightsContactNews and
updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn iconYoutube
Application, Inc
Title: Explore colleges using Common App | Common App
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/explore 
 Explore colleges using Common App | Common AppFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy college mattersPaying for collegeYour
path to collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer application
guideDownload mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender guideTransfer
advisorsNews and updatesSign inCreate an accountExplore collegesSearchAccepts first-year applicationsAccepts transfer
applicationsLocationRegionApplication for first-year studentsApplication for transfer studentsCampus settingFinancial
foundPrint search resultsSort byCollege name, A to ZThe Common ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding
principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a
memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn iconYoutube iconInstagram iconTerms of
Title: Privacy policy
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/privacy-policy 
 Privacy policyFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy college mattersPaying for collegeYour path to collegeApply to
collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer application guideDownload mobile
appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender guideTransfer advisorsNews and
updatesSign inCreate an accountPrivacy policyCommon Application Privacy Policy1. Notice2. This policy will inform you
about:3. Changes to this Policy4. Personal Information Common App Collects and How We Use It 5. With Whom Common App
Contact Us Regarding This PolicyThe Common ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our
boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect
with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn iconYoutube iconInstagram iconTerms of usePrivacy policyFraud
Title: Work at Common App
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/careers 
 Work at Common AppFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy college mattersPaying for collegeYour path to collegeApply to
collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer application guideDownload mobile
appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender guideTransfer advisorsNews and
updatesSign inCreate an accountWork at Common AppGreat mission. Great people. Great opportunityWant to be part of a
mission-driven non-profit that uses innovative technology to advance access, equity, and integrity in college
admissions?See what it's like to be on a team that helps millions of students around the world reach new heights.Join
our teamSee current openingsThe Common ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our
boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect
with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn iconYoutube iconInstagram iconTerms of usePrivacy policyFraud
Title: Your Middle school college planning guide
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/plan/your-path-to-college/middle-school 
 Your Middle school college planning guideFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy college mattersPaying for collegeYour path
to collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer application
guideDownload mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender guideTransfer
advisorsNews and updatesSign inCreate an accountMiddle schoolYour checklistReadMIDDLE SCHOOLBooks, blogs, magazines,
having trouble, ask for help. There are counselors, teachers, tutors and mentors who can guide you down the right
curious and discovering new interests.Ask questionsTalk to your teachers, your relatives, your family friends. Ask them
where they went to college, what they liked about it, and how it guided their major choice and career. This will expose
you to potential fields and majors worth exploring.Next9th gradeGoThe Common ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding
principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a
memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn iconYoutube iconInstagram iconTerms of
Title: Community college transfer planning guide
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/plan/your-path-to-college/community-college 
 Community college transfer planning guideFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy college mattersPaying for collegeYour path
to collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer application
guideDownload mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender guideTransfer
advisorsNews and updatesSign inCreate an accountCommunity collegeYour checklistDevelop your skillsALL YEARCommunity
college lets you explore new subjects, participate in new activities, and build your academic skills. With the
management skills. Take advantage of support services available, such as writing and tutoring centers, study groups,
and mentoring programs, and meet with your professors during office hours. Pro tip: Building relationships with your
professors ensures success in the classroom AND allows them to get to know you better as a person and a student. In the
future, you may need a professor or two who are willing to write you a letter of recommendation for a program,
education and major requirements. Choosing the right courses will save you time and money and keep you on track for
transfer advisors can help you choose your courses and major and introduce you to the world of transfer - from
discovering programs in your areas of interest at four-year institutions to understanding transfer articulation
agreements.RESEARCH YOUR OPTIONSFALLThere are lots of colleges and universities out there that want students just like
you. Meet with college admission representatives who visit your campus, attend college fairs, and make a list of what
you are looking for in a four-year institution. Schedule regular meetings with your advisors to help you narrow down
your list of schools. Pro tip: Visit the Explore Colleges section of our website to learn about the more than 700
colleges and universities that accept Common App for transfer.Complete the Free Application for Federal Student Aid
(FAFSA) and scholarship applicationsFALLIf you plan to apply for financial aid, file your FAFSA as early as possible
opportunities, too. It might surprise you how many scholarships exist for transfer students! Pro tip: Did you know
community college transfer students can apply to The Jack Kent Cooke Foundation's Undergraduate Transfer Scholarship
apply. Make sure you understand application requirements, deadlines, and fees for each program you plan to apply to.
Reach out to admissions counselors at the schools you are applying to when you have questions or want to learn more.
support you through the process. And the Transfer Requirements Grid lists important details about the application
requirements for Common App member institutions.Transfer resource centerTips for college transfer success, from credit
evaluation to support resources for pregnant, parenting, and military-connected students.Learn moreThe Common
ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and
insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn
Common Application, Inc
Title: Plan for college
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/plan 
 Plan for collegeFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy college mattersPaying for collegeYour path to collegeApply to
collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer application guideDownload mobile
appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender guideTransfer advisorsNews and
affordableThe price tag can be the most daunting part of your journey to college, but there are more options out there
than you might know. Our planning tools can help you find them and understand how college can be made more
the path to college. Take a moment to celebrate that. It means you already have the ability to learn, the desire to
explore, the persistence to grow, the determination to focus, and the motivation to apply.Learn how to get to college
Ready to apply?You're ready to start your journey, and we'll be with you every step of they way. Here's what you need
to get started on your application. We've put together a step-by-step guide to help make it as easy as possible.Learn
college. No one knows them better than you, so follow your instincts and let past experience be your guide. And while
they depend on you, you can depend on us.Access our resourcesCreate a practice accountThe Common ApplicationAboutAccess
and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and insightsContactNews and
updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn iconYoutube
Application, Inc
Title: Your 11th grade college planning guide
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/plan/your-path-to-college/11th-grade 
 Your 11th grade college planning guideFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy college mattersPaying for collegeYour path to
collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer application guideDownload
mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender guideTransfer advisorsNews and
updatesSign inCreate an account11th gradeYour checklistSet goals for the yearFALLBefore you even begin your college
questions.Take the Preliminary SAT/National Merit Scholarship Qualifying Test (PSAT/NMSQT)FALLThe PSAT is a
standardized exam your high school administers in October. It will prepare you to take the SAT (a standardized entrance
exam required by some colleges), but it also serves as a qualifying test for the National Merit Scholarship
Program.Compile your initial list of collegesWINTERThere are lots of colleges and universities out there and just as
many ways to learn which ones might be a good fit for you. Start your search by attending college fairs and meeting
with college admission representatives who visit your high school or community. Do your research, take notes, and meet
with your school counselor to further shape your college list. Pro tip: Visit the Explore Colleges section of our
website to learn about the more than 1,000 colleges and universities that accept the Common App.Study, prepare, and
register for standardized testsWINTERStandardized tests - including the SAT, ACT and SAT subject tests - can help
colleges assess how ready you are for college-level coursework. Talk with your counselor about what test preparation
opportunities may be available, which tests you should take, and how to determine the testing requirements for the
colleges you are considering. Did you know? More than 1,000 four-year colleges and universities do not use the SAT or
ACT in the admissions process. Visit FairTest to learn more and to access a searchable database of test-optional
schools.Plan your senior year class scheduleSPRINGYour academic record is an important piece of your college
schedule, talk with your teachers and counselors about advanced options, such as Honors, AP, IB, or dual enrollment
create a Common App account at any time, and your account can rollover from year to year, using the same username and
ready to apply - so you can begin answering questions in these seven sections: Profile, Family, Education, Testing,
Activities, Writing, and Courses & Grades.Find your recommendersSPRINGLetters of recommendation help colleges get to
activity or two. Volunteer in your community. Get a part-time job. Consider a summer camp in a sport or area of
college admission officers you care about your future.Visit college campuses in person or virtuallySUMMERThe best way
to get a sense of whether or not a college or university is right for you is to visit the campus. Attend an information
person, take advantage of the virtual tours offered by many colleges and universities. Pro tip: Many colleges and
universities offer special visit days and fly-in programs. Talk with your school counselor or contact admissions
offices to find out what visit opportunities exist for you.Narrow down and discuss your list of collegesSUMMEROnce
counselor to ensure your list is reasonable and balanced.Next12th gradeGoThe Common ApplicationAboutAccess and
equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and insightsContactNews and
updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn iconYoutube
Application, Inc
Title: Join our board
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/about/join-our-board 
 Join our boardFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy college mattersPaying for collegeYour path to collegeApply to
collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer application guideDownload mobile
appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender guideTransfer advisorsNews and
updatesSign inCreate an accountJoin our boardAboutAccess and equityBecome a memberCommon App impactGuiding
principlesJoin our boardLeadership and boardNext ChapterPartner organizationsReports and insightsEligibilityPreferred
attributesProcess and timelineBoard application requirementsApplication and nomination formsThe Common
ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and
insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn
Common Application, Inc
Title: Guiding principles
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/about/guiding-principles 
 Guiding principlesFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy college mattersPaying for collegeYour path to collegeApply to
collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer application guideDownload mobile
appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender guideTransfer advisorsNews and
updatesSign inCreate an accountGuiding principles Promoting access, equity, and integrity, in the college admissions
process for all students.AboutAccess and equityBecome a memberCommon App impactGuiding principlesJoin our
boardLeadership and boardNext ChapterPartner organizationsReports and insightsGet in touchContact us if you are
interested in partneringContact Common AppThe Common ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our
boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect
with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn iconYoutube iconInstagram iconTerms of usePrivacy policyFraud
Title: Your 9th grade college planning guide
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/plan/your-path-to-college/9th-grade 
 Your 9th grade college planning guideFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy college mattersPaying for collegeYour path to
collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer application guideDownload
mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender guideTransfer advisorsNews and
principals to help you.GET INVOLVED IN ACTIVITIES THAT INTEREST YOUWINTERRight now, you have more opportunities than
pay for it. There are countless resources available to make college more affordable. Now is a great time to understand
what they are.Next10th gradeGoThe Common ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our
boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect
with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn iconYoutube iconInstagram iconTerms of usePrivacy policyFraud
Title: Contact us | Common App
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/contact 
 Contact us | Common AppFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy college mattersPaying for collegeYour path to collegeApply to
collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer application guideDownload mobile
appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender guideTransfer advisorsNews and
updatesSign inCreate an accountContact usHave a question for Common App? See below for the best way to reach us based
on your needs.Applicant and recommender supportDo you have a support request or question about your Common App account?
Or, do you have a question about your application? Visit our applicant or recommender support portals to contact our
Solutions Center. Request supportBecome a Common App memberAre you a representative from a college or university
interested in joining the Common App membership?Contact our membership teamPartner with Common AppInterested in
partnering with Common App or integrating your product or service with our application platform? Contact our
partnerships teamPress and media inquiriesAre you a reporter or academic researcher looking for a resource for your
work?Contact our media relations teamFind additional support through our Solutions CenterRequest supportThe Common
ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and
insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn
Common Application, Inc
Title: Your 12th grade college planning guide
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/plan/your-path-to-college/12th-grade 
 Your 12th grade college planning guideFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy college mattersPaying for collegeYour path to
collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer application guideDownload
mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender guideTransfer advisorsNews and
admission requirementsFALLMeet with your school counselor at the beginning of the year so you can adjust your course
schedule and register for additional standardized tests, if necessary. Continue to meet throughout your senior year to
your teachers, school administrators, coaches or assistant principals. You can even contact college admission officers.
All of these people would be happy to help you think about your future. All you have to do is ask!Finalize your college
your school counselor to ensure you have a list that excites you, meets your needs, and matches your academic
credentials. If you have a first choice college, discuss the possibility of applying Early Decision (ED) or Early
choice).Register for standardized tests, if necessaryFALLMake sure you understand what the testing requirements are for
each school on your list. Consult the official ACT and SAT websites for official exam dates and other registration
concerned registration fees might impose a financial burden on your family, talk to your school counselor about a fee
waiver.Fill out and submit your college applicationsFALL/WINTERUse your college applications to showcase your strengths
and tell your personal story. To do this well will take time, effort, and careful attention to detail, so be mindful of
resources like an Application Guide and Dictionary to support you through the process.Submit all required supporting
school formsSPRINGTouch base with your school counselor and teachers to make sure everything gets to each college you
apply to, including your official high school transcript and letters of recommendation. Pro tip: Consult the
Recommenders and FERPA section in your Common App account to monitor when your transcript and letters of recommendation
have been submitted to each college.If you're applying for financial aid, complete and submit your Free Application for
Federal Student Aid (FAFSA)FALL/WINTERYour FAFSA should be done as soon as possible beginning October 1. Some colleges
will also ask you to complete the CSS Profile. Consult the Financial Aid Resources tab in your Common App. Pay careful
money you are eligible for. Pro tip: Don't forget about scholarships! Also within the Financial Aid Resources tab in
your Common App account you can connect with Scholar Snapp, a free service from the Michael & Susan Dell Foundation
that helps you apply to hundreds of scholarships around the country. Qualified applicants can even apply directly for
The Jack Kent Cooke Foundation's Cooke College Scholarship Program using Common App.Review your acceptances and make
your decisionSPRINGThis is the most exciting part! Take time to review your admission offers and compare financial aid
packages. Most colleges offer special admitted students programs designed to help you make your decision, so visit your
top choice schools, if possible. Your parents and school counselor can also help you with this decision-making process.
When you have made your decision, you will need to notify the college you choose of your commitment and submit a
financial deposit by May 1st. You cannot submit a deposit to more than one school. You will also need to notify the
colleges that you do not plan to attend of your decision. This is an important step in helping to open up seats for
other students who may be on a waitlist for those schools.Continue to work hard and maintain your
gradesFALL/WINTER/SPRINGEven after you complete your applications and receive admission offers, your entire year of
grades still counts. Some colleges require midyear grades to be sent, and the college you choose to attend will receive
your final high school transcript at the end of the year. College acceptances are contingent upon successful completion
of your coursework, and a noticeable slip in academic performance could alter your scholarship eligibility or offer of
admission.Celebrate!SUMMERCongratulate yourself on making it to the finish line. You are on your way! You are ready for
helping you reach this milestone. And remember - those same adults are there to cheer you on and offer support as you
continue on your journey.NextBack to roadmapGoThe Common ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin
our boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a
memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn iconYoutube iconInstagram iconTerms of
Title: Counselor and recommender resources
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/counselors-and-recommenders 
 Counselor and recommender resourcesFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy college mattersPaying for collegeYour path to
collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer application guideDownload
mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender guideTransfer advisorsNews and
those who help studentsThe Recommender system is a free solution that streamlines the recommendation process and
supports all your students applying through Common App. It helps you organize and submit letters of recommendation.
Here, you can track requests, manage your school's information, and submit transcripts. Go to the Recommender guide to
learn more. Explore collegesHelp your students search, explore, and virtually tour over 1,000 Common App member
colleges across the globe. Order a Common App mapRequest a free national or regional map poster of Common App member
colleges for your office or classroom.Create a practice accountCreate a Common App practice student account as an
education professional to familiarize yourself with the ins and outs of navigating the application.These resources will
help you work with your studentsCommon App ReadyOur free, ready-to-use toolkit for introducing your students to Common
AppAccess our counselor toolkit Essay promptsTake a look at this year's Common App essay promptsView essay prompts
Account rolloverAccount rollover allows students to get started on their application at any time, even if they don't
tutorials that walk students through different sections of the application.Visit our YouTube channel Transfer resource
support for military-connected or parenting students.Go to the center We provide free in-person and virtual training
for schools, districts, and organizations.Request trainingHelp centerOur applicant and recommender support team is
available 24/7/365 to assist you.Request supportGet in touchAsk a question, submit feedback, or make suggestions.Get in
participate in our ongoing counselor workshops and feedback sessions. Sign upThe Common ApplicationAboutAccess and
equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and insightsContactNews and
updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn iconYoutube
Application, Inc
Title: Your 10th grade college planning guide
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/plan/your-path-to-college/10th-grade 
 Your 10th grade college planning guideFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy college mattersPaying for collegeYour path to
collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer application guideDownload
mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender guideTransfer advisorsNews and
quizzes, or standardized tests. Coursework is getting harder, though, and your teachers are testing you in different
study groups outside of the classroom. Your grades are important and your study habits will help you succeed.TIME
weekly to-do list to avoid night-before cramming and unnecessary stress. After all, college requires balancing your
counselor or teachers about advanced options. This will ensure you stay on the right academic path.COMPREHENSION
SKILLSSUMMERCollege entrance exams - like the ACT and SAT - have critical reading sections that will test your ability
the best way to expand your vocabulary and increase how quickly and accurately you absorb information. That will
benefit you at testing time, guaranteed.Next11th gradeGoThe Common ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding
principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a
memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn iconYoutube iconInstagram iconTerms of
Title: Military-connected students
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/plan/your-path-to-college/service-members-and-veterans 
 Military-connected studentsFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy college mattersPaying for collegeYour path to
collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer application guideDownload
mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender guideTransfer advisorsNews and
updatesSign inCreate an accountMilitary-connected studentsYour checklistGetting startedALL YEARWith Common App, you
don't need to fill out the same questions over and over. Create an account for free, answer those questions once, and
then submit your applications to all the colleges you're applying to. If this is your first time attending college
you'll need a Common App student account. Create a Common App transfer student account if you've already attended some
college and have more than 12 college credits. If you have less than 12 credits or are unsure, contact your colleges
and ask which application they'd prefer. Gather your materialsALL YEARBe sure to have documentation detailing your
military status, branch, and service dates. Some colleges may also request Department of Defense transcripts such as
your Joint Service Transcript (JST) or Verification of Military Experience (VMET). You can also use our first-year and
transfer application guides for more info on what forms you need to gather ahead of time. Explore collegesALL YEARThere
are over 1,000 colleges that use Common App! Start finding colleges that interest you. Learn what to look for as a
military-connected student.Connect with your collegesALL YEARMany colleges have offices dedicated to assisting
military-connected students. Reach out to each college, and they'll help you understand the process and timeline for
applying your military benefits. They can also help you understand what your benefits cover and what options are
available to you. In additon, they can connect you with other veteran support services, organizations, and events on
campus.Tap into key resourcesOur partners at MilGears can help you navigate all the steps of your post-service goals.
Their Engage My Career tool can help you set goals and create a clear plan for your future. Take a quick look at what
MilGears can do for you on their videos page. We also encourage you to check out these resources: Use the ACE Military
Guide for college credit recommendations for your military experience. Attend an academic boot camp with the
Warrior-Scholar project. Find a Student Veterans of America chapter at your prospective colleges. Sign up for 1-on-1
admissions counseling through Service to School. Learn how to apply for the Veteran Affairs benefits you've earned.
NextBack to roadmapGoThe Common ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext
ChapterPartnersReports and insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with
#commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn iconYoutube iconInstagram iconTerms of usePrivacy policyFraud policyCookie
Title: How to apply to college with Common App | Common App
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/apply 
 How to apply to college with Common App | Common AppFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy college mattersPaying for
collegeYour path to collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer
application guideDownload mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender
guideTransfer advisorsNews and updatesSign inCreate an accountApply to collegeWhether you're applying to college for
nowApply to collegeWhether you're applying to college for the first time or transferring to complete your degree,
students apply to more than 1,000 Common App member colleges worldwide through our online college application platform.
Follow the steps below to get started, or visit our first-year and transfer application guides for more information.
want a college or university to know about you - from your academic coursework to your extracurricular activities.2Add
make a checklist of everything required. Each college and university is different, so make sure you stay on top of
their application requirements.4Submit applicationsBe sure to take a moment to celebrate this huge accomplishment! And
remember to finish the academic year on a high note, apply for financial aid and prepare for the future.The application
intend to apply as a first-time full-time freshman. It will walk you through the application from start to finish.View
to restart your college journey, this is the place to get started.View the transfer applicant guide 12Essay PromptsThe
Common App essay prompts provide an amazing opportunity for you to tell colleges and universities about who you are and
how you can contribute to your future campus experience.View the essay promptsExplore colleges on Common AppSearch more
than 1,000 member colleges and universities using Common App. See application requirements, access virtual tours, learn
about academic programs, testing policies and student experience on campus. Get started today to add colleges to your
My Colleges tab in application.Search for collegesGet Common App on your phoneTake Common App with you where ever you
go. Our mobile app helps you track your progress, stay on top of application requirements, and manage deadlines.Learn
more about the mobile appCollege exploration and planningThere are so many important factors involved in finding the
right college for you. Here are some resources to help you discover the most important qualities in your future college
campus. Download Common App for mobileWhether you're at home or on the go, we're here to support you throughout your
journey in applying to college. Download Common App for mobile. Explore the COVID-19 question We want to make sure you
have the opportunity to provide details about how COVID-19 has impact you personally and academically on your college
applications. If you need it, there is a question on the Common App this year and you will only have to complete the
question once. The question is located in the Additional Information section of the application, and will allow
colleges and universities to better understand your experience. Your school counselor will also have space in the
Common App recommender system to talk about how the pandemic affected your school. Learn how to plan for the question,
and if responding to the question is right for you, by visiting our blog.Start your college essayWondering how to
approach the college essay? Common App's Scott Anderson offers his timely advice on sharing your personal and academic
experience. Learn more on our blog. Start your application todayCreate a Common App accountThe Common
ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and
insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn
Common Application, Inc
Title: Common App - YouTube
 url: https://www.youtube.com/user/CommonAppMedia 
 Common App - YouTubeAboutPressCopyrightContact usCreatorsAdvertiseDevelopersTermsPrivacyPolicy & SafetyHow YouTube
Title: Access and Equity
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/about/access-equity 
 Access and EquityFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy college mattersPaying for collegeYour path to collegeApply to
collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer application guideDownload mobile
appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender guideTransfer advisorsNews and
updatesSign inCreate an accountAccess and equityAboutAccess and equityBecome a memberCommon App impactGuiding
principlesJoin our boardLeadership and boardNext ChapterPartner organizationsReports and insightsThe Common
ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and
insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn
Common Application, Inc
Title: Become a Common App member institution
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/members 
 Become a Common App member institutionFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy college mattersPaying for collegeYour path to
collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer application guideDownload
mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender guideTransfer advisorsNews and
updatesSign inCreate an accountBoost visibility and enrollment with Common AppExpanding your reach to increase access
for allBoost visibility and enrollment with Common AppExpanding your reach to increase access for allWhy join Common
streamlining the application process.Empowered recruitingOur built-in tools position your institution in front of
students throughout their college planning, search, and application process, allowing you to effectively reach and
market to an engaged and diverse applicant pool.Join an unparalleled networkCommon App's strength lies in its
diversity, with over 1,000 institutions, including 307 public universities, colleges from all 50 states, Washington,
DC, Puerto Rico, and international schools, offering rich opportunities for mentorship and networking.Easy to
closely with you to ensure a smooth implementation. What members say about Common AppThe higher education admissions
landscape has never been more complex. See how Common App members are creating new pathways for traditional and
post-traditional student populations.Become a memberCommon App Minority-serving Institutions (MSI) ProgramWe have
worked to reduce barriers to college admissions for underrepresented students and address the inequities that many MSIs
still face. To support these efforts, Common App launched the MSI Program. It offers MSIs all the benefits of
membership at a reduced cost.Your Common App membership makes it possible1. Access a diverse applicant poolDiversity is
third of whom are first-generation. Last year, they even provided more than $65 million in fee waivers to students in
and expertise to help you truly understand your applicant pool.3. Support those who support studentsEach year, we
develop programming and resources for school counselors, academic advisors, and community-based organizations to scale
their services and help students navigate the admission process and discover all that Common App member colleges and
universities have to offer. Common App will always be free to students, counselors and families.4. Connect applicants
scale allow us to provide more services that support the unique needs of our members, counselors, and students,
including: Scholarship and financial aid Family guides and resources Virtual mentoring services Online portfolios
Mobile-friendly college application 5. Value-added partner solutionsThrough Common App membership, you'll have access
to a broad set of value-added partners, including graduate admissions, online portfolios, virtual tours, and more.
Criteria for membershipWant to become a Common App member?Reach out to our teamContact usAlready a member
institution?Find additional support and information in our Solutions CenterGet supportThe Common ApplicationAboutAccess
and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and insightsContactNews and
updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn iconYoutube
Application, Inc
Title: Terms of use
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/terms-of-use 
 Terms of useFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy college mattersPaying for collegeYour path to collegeApply to
collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer application guideDownload mobile
appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender guideTransfer advisorsNews and
updatesSign inCreate an accountCommon App Terms of UseThe Common ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding
principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a
memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn iconYoutube iconInstagram iconTerms of
Title: Help | Common App
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/help 
 Help | Common AppFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy college mattersPaying for collegeYour path to collegeApply to
collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer application guideDownload mobile
appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender guideTransfer advisorsNews and
studentsAccess first-year applicant support Online support for transfer studentsAccess transfer applicant support
Application guide for first-year studentsAccess first-year applicant guide Application guide for transfer
studentsAccess transfer applicant guide Contact Common AppRequest support Counselors and recommendersOnline support for
first-year recommendersAccess recommender support Online support for transfer recommendersAccess transfer recommender
support Common App ReadyDownload counselor toolkit Recommender guideAccess recommender guide Contact Common AppRequest
support The Common ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext
ChapterPartnersReports and insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with
#commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn iconYoutube iconInstagram iconTerms of usePrivacy policyFraud policyCookie
Title: Common App
 url: https://www.facebook.com/commonapp 
 Common App
Title: Reports and insights
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/about/reports-and-insights 
 Reports and insightsFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy college mattersPaying for collegeYour path to collegeApply to
collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer application guideDownload mobile
appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender guideTransfer advisorsNews and
updatesSign inCreate an accountReports and InsightsAboutAccess and equityBecome a memberCommon App impactGuiding
principlesJoin our boardLeadership and boardNext ChapterPartner organizationsReports and insightsThe Common
ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and
insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn
Common Application, Inc
Title: Events
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/events 
 EventsFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy college mattersPaying for collegeYour path to collegeApply to
collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer application guideDownload mobile
appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender guideTransfer advisorsNews and
principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a
memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn iconYoutube iconInstagram iconTerms of
Title: Common App
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/plan/paying-for-college-old 
 Common AppFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy college mattersPaying for collegeYour path to collegeApply to
collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer application guideDownload mobile
appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender guideTransfer advisorsNews and
updatesSign inCreate an accountPage not foundSorry, we couldn't find the page you are looking for.Please go back to the
homepage.Return to the homepageThe Common ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our
boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect
with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn iconYoutube iconInstagram iconTerms of usePrivacy policyFraud
Title: Access Denied
 url: https://studentaid.gov/understand-aid/eligibility/requirements/non-us-citizens 
 Access Denied Access Denied You don't have permission to access
"http://studentaid.gov/understand-aid/eligibility/requirements/non-us-citizens" on this server. Reference
#18.897b1060.1725474859.2fa8909f https://errors.edgesuite.net/18.897b1060.1725474859.2fa8909f
Title: Access Denied
 url: https://studentaid.gov/announcements-events/fafsa-support 
 Access Denied Access Denied You don't have permission to access
"http://studentaid.gov/announcements-events/fafsa-support" on this server. Reference #18.897b1060.1725474859.2fa897a5
https://errors.edgesuite.net/18.897b1060.1725474859.2fa897a5
Title: Applicant Support
 url:
https://appsupport.commonapp.org/applicantsupport/s/article/What-do-I-need-to-know-about-the-Common-App-fee-waiver 
Title: Home - Jack Kent Cooke Foundation
 url: https://www.jkcf.org/ 
 Home - Jack Kent Cooke Foundation Menu Close Home Our Scholarships Our Scholarships Young Scholars Program College
Scholarship Program Undergraduate Transfer Scholarship Our Grants Our Grants Academic Achievement Young Artist Award
College Access and Excellence Local Support Grantee Directory News and Stories News and Stories Compass Research About
Us About Us Our People Our Values and Community Commitment Our Ethics Alumni Join the Cooke Foundation Career
Opportunities Contact Us Give Search Jack Kent Cooke Foundation Jack Kent Cooke Foundation Our Scholarships The Jack
Kent Cooke Foundation is dedicated to advancing the education of exceptionally promising students who have financial
need. Young Scholars Program Offers the most personalized, generous scholarship and educational support to
exceptionally promising students from families across the nation who have financial need. Learn More Young Scholars
Program Offers the most personalized, generous scholarship and educational support to exceptionally promising students
from families across the nation who have financial need. Learn More College Scholarship Program An undergraduate
best four-year colleges and universities. Learn More College Scholarship Program An undergraduate scholarship program
colleges and universities. Learn More Undergraduate Transfer Scholarship A highly-selective scholarship for the
universities. Learn More $304 Million Awarded in Scholarships 3,400 Cooke Scholars Current Scholars and Alumni $136
Million Awarded in Grants The Cooke Scholarship opened up so many doors for me in my higher education. I was able to go
to Yale debt-free. I was able to be involved on campus. And the Cooke Foundation scholarship allowed me to pursue
the Foundation gave me. To be able to get a good job, save up money, and now be able to buy my parents a home for the
first time in America. Ryan Liu Cooke Scholar Read More Ryan Liu The Cooke Scholarship opened up so many doors for me
in my higher education. I was able to go to Yale debt-free. I was able to be involved on campus. And the Cooke
opportunity that my community college and the Foundation gave me. To be able to get a good job, save up money, and now
be able to buy my parents a home for the first time in America. Read More About Us Dedicated to advancing the education
of exceptionally promising students who have financial need. Learn More Newsletter Signup Get our Foundation updates.
Sign Up Cooke Scholar Community Resources for current scholars and alumni to thrive together. Stay Connected Privacy
Title: Access Denied
 url: https://studentaid.gov/ 
 Access Denied Access Denied You don't have permission to access "http://studentaid.gov/" on this server. Reference
#18.897b1060.1725474875.2fa94e8e https://errors.edgesuite.net/18.897b1060.1725474875.2fa94e8e
Title: College Affordability and Transparency Explanation Form
 url: https://collegecost.ed.gov/net-price 
 College Affordability and Transparency Explanation Form U.S. Department of EducationNet Price Calculator CenterSearch
for Schools' CalculatorWhat does Net Price mean?Net Price is the amount that a student pays to attend an institution in
a single academic year AFTER subtracting scholarships and grants the student receives. Scholarships and grants are
forms of financial aid that a student does not have to pay back. What is a Net Price Calculator?Net price calculators
themselves to find out what students like them paid to attend the institution in the previous year, after taking grants
and scholarship aid into account. How do other students describe net price?Net Price Calculator - Typography VideoBy
Brian SchwabauerJustin, Remo, Bilyana Net Price Calculator VideoBy Michael Kirby, Remo Kommnick, John Remmes, Bilyana
Petrova
Title: Access Denied
 url: https://studentaid.gov/aid-estimator/ 
 Access Denied Access Denied You don't have permission to access "http://studentaid.gov/aid-estimator/" on this server.
Reference #18.897b1060.1725474878.2fa962ac https://errors.edgesuite.net/18.897b1060.1725474878.2fa962ac
Title: Access Denied
 url: https://studentaid.gov/fsa-id/create-account/launch 
 Access Denied Access Denied You don't have permission to access "http://studentaid.gov/fsa-id/create-account/launch"
on this server. Reference #18.897b1060.1725474878.2fa966f7 https://errors.edgesuite.net/18.897b1060.1725474878.2fa966f7
Title: Access Denied
 url: https://studentaid.gov/h/apply-for-aid/fafsa 
 Access Denied Access Denied You don't have permission to access "http://studentaid.gov/h/apply-for-aid/fafsa" on this
server. Reference #18.897b1060.1725474879.2fa96d62 https://errors.edgesuite.net/18.897b1060.1725474879.2fa96d62
Title: Access Denied
 url: https://studentaid.gov/sites/default/files/saving-early.pdf 
 Access Denied Access Denied You don't have permission to access
"http://studentaid.gov/sites/default/files/saving-early.pdf" on this server. Reference #18.897b1060.1725474884.2fa991be
https://errors.edgesuite.net/18.897b1060.1725474884.2fa991be
Title: Common App
 url: https://apply.commonapp.org/finaid/scholarships 
 Common App Please wait, the page is loading.
Title: Federal Student Aid - YouTube
 url: https://www.youtube.com/@FederalStudentAid 
 Federal Student Aid - YouTubeAboutPressCopyrightContact usCreatorsAdvertiseDevelopersTermsPrivacyPolicy & SafetyHow
Title: Access Denied
 url: https://studentaid.gov/help/fafsa 
 Access Denied Access Denied You don't have permission to access "http://studentaid.gov/help/fafsa" on this server.
Reference #18.897b1060.1725474893.2fa9dabd https://errors.edgesuite.net/18.897b1060.1725474893.2fa9dabd
Title: Access Denied
 url: https://studentaid.gov/understand-aid/types 
 Access Denied Access Denied You don't have permission to access "http://studentaid.gov/understand-aid/types" on this
server. Reference #18.897b1060.1725474894.2fa9dfb3 https://errors.edgesuite.net/18.897b1060.1725474894.2fa9dfb3
Title: Access Denied
 url: https://studentaid.gov/resources/scams 
 Access Denied Access Denied You don't have permission to access "http://studentaid.gov/resources/scams" on this
server. Reference #18.897b1060.1725474894.2fa9e5e5 https://errors.edgesuite.net/18.897b1060.1725474894.2fa9e5e5
Title: Applicant Support
 url: https://appsupport.commonapp.org/ 
Title: Applicant Support
 url: https://appsupport.commonapp.org/applicantsupport/s/article/What-do-I-need-to-know-about-Account-Rollover 
Title: Applicant Support
 url:
https://appsupport.commonapp.org/applicantsupport/s/article/What-are-some-best-practices-for-completing-my-essays-in-the
-Common-App 
Title: Applicant Support
 url: https://appsupport.commonapp.org/applicantsupport/s/article/What-is-the-FERPA-Waiver 
Title: Common App
 url: https://apply.commonapp.org/ 
 Common App Please wait, the page is loading.
Title: Applicant Support
 url: https://appsupport.commonapp.org/applicantsupport/s/writing-requirements 
Title: Applicant Support
 url:
https://appsupport.commonapp.org/applicantsupport/s/article/What-are-Family-Responsibilities-in-the-Activities-section-a
nd-why-are-they-important 
Title: Applicant Support
 url: https://appsupport.commonapp.org/applicantsupport/s/article/Where-can-I-find-the-Requirements-Grid 
Title: Common App Ready for transfer students
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/counselors-and-recommenders/common-app-ready-for-transfer-students 
 Common App Ready for transfer studentsFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy college mattersPaying for collegeYour path to
collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer application guideDownload
mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender guideTransfer advisorsNews and
updatesSign inCreate an accountCommon App ReadyA complete toolkit of tips and best practices designed to help your
students complete their applications successfully and on time.First-yearTransferGetting startedPreparing your
applicationTelling your storyWorking with recommenders and advisorsPaying for collegeGetting startedGet to know the
transfer?PDFLast revised 02/15/24View PDFHow Common App for Transfer WorksPDFLast revised 02/15/24View PDFApplication
DictionaryPDFLast revised 02/15/24View PDFCommon App for International Applicants PDFLast revised 02/15/24View
PDFPreparing your applicationResources on getting organized and starting your application on the right
Requirements WorksheetPDFLast revised 02/15/24View PDFTelling your storyUse the different features of the application
SectionPDFLast revised 02/15/24View PDFWorking with recommenders and advisorsLearn how to find and communicate with
revised 02/15/24View PDFPaying for collegeLearn about application fees, fee waivers, and how to find
02/15/24View PDFFind additional support at the help centerRequest supportSign up for our counselor newsletterSign up
ongoing counselor workshops and feedback sessions.Sign upThe Common ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding
principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a
memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn iconYoutube iconInstagram iconTerms of
Title: Transfer resource center
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/transfer 
 Transfer resource centerFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy college mattersPaying for collegeYour path to collegeApply
to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer application guideDownload mobile
appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender guideTransfer advisorsNews and
updatesSign inCreate an accountTransfer resource centerTransfer resource centerAbout Common AppCommon App is a
non-profit membership organization representing more than 700 colleges that accept transfer applications. We make it
faster and easier to apply to college as a transfer student, by connecting students to a wide array of public and
private colleges and universities across all 50 U.S. states, and 20 countries.Five ways Common App can help save you
time and moneyTransfer credit evaluationWhen transferring schools, the receiving college will evaluate your college
transcripts and/ or other prior learning to determine which credits can be used in your new degree plan. When completed
by the registrar, it is considered an official evaluation, so you can be certain these credits will transfer. Some
colleges offer unofficial evaluations, typically completed by an advisor, to give you an idea of how their credits will
transfer before applying to their college.Credit for prior learningSome colleges evaluate college-level learning that
has taken place outside of the traditional classroom for credit toward your degree. This can include learning gained
through jobs, internships, volunteer experience, and military service.Guaranteed admissionsGuaranteed admission
agreements between colleges can help students transfer with confidence. Students who meet specific academic
requirements can apply to transfer, and the partnering college will automatically accept their application. Guaranteed
admission is sometimes referred to as transfer admission guarantee (TAG), automatic admission, or guaranteed transfer.
Plan aheadSome colleges offer unofficial credit evaluations before you apply. Reach out to an advisor at the school you
are applying to see how your credits can be evaluated for transfer.Explore collegesDoes the college offer flexible
program delivery options for adults?There are many options for students who need flexibility. Look for colleges with
options like 100% online delivery, hybrid options, or accelerated completion through SARA Source. SARA Source is a
non-profit organization with a searchable nationwide catalog of distance education programs. Check if online learning
is right for youBefore you enroll in an online learning program, determine if it is right for you. You can start by
asking yourself these questions.Does the college offer support for pregnant and parenting students?Pregnant and
parenting students have a lot to balance, but colleges want to help. Legal protections and additional resources are
here to help you complete your degree while supporting your family. Know your Title IX rightsThe Pregnant Scholar
provides an overview of your rights as a pregnant or parenting student so you can apply and enroll with confidence.
CCAMPIS Grants Administered by the Department of Education, some colleges offer CCAMPIS grant funds to subsidize
childcare costs for low-income, Pell Grant-eligible students and provide childcare services Contact your college
directly to learn what resources may be available to you. Locate childcare providers The Child Care and Development
Fund can help you locate childcare options near you. Does the college offer support for military-connected
students?Many colleges support military-connected students (current and previously serving military and their families)
by providing dedicated staff, resources, and services. Military-connected students should consider which types of
services are available to them when exploring colleges, including: Dedicated advisors Colleges supportive of
military-connected students have advisors equipped to identify a degree program that fits your needs. They can also
review your academic and joint services transcripts for opportunities to apply prior coursework, military education,
training, and experience to your degree. VA certifying representatives Whether active duty, veteran, or dependent,
navigating military education benefits can be daunting. VA certifying representatives can guide you through the
documentation process and address any issues you may encounter along the way. Financial assistance Some colleges offer
special programs or incentives for military-connected students. Consider exploring colleges that waive application fees
or participate in the VA Yellow Ribbon program. Accessibility services Some service members and veterans experience
service-related challenges that are barriers to their academic success. Seek colleges with staff trained to connect
service members and veterans to internal and external resources for assistance. Student engagement programs For
lounges, and other support networks build community. Consider seeking schools that offer opportunities to engage,
connect, and support military-connected students. Prepare to transfer as a military-connected studentCommon App has a
checklist with additional guidance and resources for military-connected students. Fund your journeyDependency
statusUnderstanding your dependency status for federal financial aid purposes can be confusing. If you are uncertain
about your status, FAFSA can help you determine your dependency status. If your dependency status was calculated
unfairly, SwiftStudent can help guide you through the FAFSA appeal process.Satisfactory Academic Progress
(SAP)Satisfactory Academic Progress (SAP) Schools determine whether students are making sufficient grades and are
taking enough classes to make satisfactory academic progress toward a degree within a reasonable amount of time. If
not, the student may risk losing federal or state financial aid. The U.S. Department of Education defines satisfactory
institution. Students should check with an advisor at their transfer institution to understand its specific standards.
Students with many transfer credits may be more at risk. Complete the FAFSAAll students, regardless of income level,
should complete a Federal Application for Student Aid (FAFSA). The FAFSA is combined with your income to qualify you
for a variety of aid, including grants and scholarships. Whether you think you qualify for aid or not, it can benefit
you to apply.Get Common App ReadyWhat you'll needAN ACTIVE EMAIL ADDRESSWhen creating an account, make sure you use an
email address you check often, as this is how Common App and colleges will get in touch with you.A COPY OF YOUR HIGH
SCHOOL TRANSCRIPT OR HIGH SCHOOL EQUIVALENCYSome programs ask applicants to include a high school transcript. YOUR
COLLEGE TRANSCRIPT(S) AND OTHER EDUCATIONAL COURSEWORKIf you are a transfer student, you will need to report all
colleges or universities where you have taken a course. Additionally, some programs ask you to self-report your courses
in the College Coursework section. Some programs will also ask you to upload an unofficial copy of your college
transcripts.RECOMMENDERSMany colleges ask for additional documents to be submitted by recommenders on your behalf.
There are four types of recommenders you can invite: Personal, Professional, Academic, and High School Official. Each
program has different recommendation requirements.YOUR RESUME OR CVIn the Experiences section, you can report:
organization/activity, dates of participation, position/leadership held, and a brief description. You can share
information about awards, honors, and publications in the Achievements section.Get ready for your next stepWalk through
the transfer application with us before you apply.The Common ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding
principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a
memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn iconYoutube iconInstagram iconTerms of
Title: The Common App for transfer Help Center - Liaison
 url: https://help.liaisonedu.com/The_Common_App_Help_Center 
 The Common App for transfer Help Center - Liaison Skip to main content Search site Search Search Go back to previous
article Username Password Sign in Sign in Sign in Forgot password Expand/collapse global hierarchy Home The Common App
for transfer Help Center Expand/collapse global location The Common App for transfer Help Center Last updated Save as
PDF Just getting started? Review The Common App for transfer Quick Start Guide.Any questions? Contact us for support.
Got feedback? Send your ideas to help us improve your experience. Just getting started? Review The Common App for
transfer Quick Start Guide. Any questions? Contact us for support. Got feedback? Send your ideas to help us improve
your experience. Starting Your Common App for transferGet started with an overview of the process, important dates and
fees, and contact information.Getting Started with Your Common App for transferCreating and Managing Your Common App
for transfer AccountAdding and Deleting Common App for transfer ProgramsFilling Out Your Common App for
transferComplete the application's four core sections: Personal Information, Academic History, Supporting Information,
and Program Materials.Common App for transfer Personal InformationCommon App for transfer Academic HistoryCommon App
for transfer Supporting InformationCommon App for transfer Program MaterialsSending Your Official Transcripts to The
Common App for transferLearn how to send your official transcripts to us so we can post them to your account.Sending
Official Transcripts to The Common App for transferSubmitting and Monitoring Your Common App for transferOnce you
submit your application, monitor the status and follow up on any necessary actions.Before and After You Submit Your
Common App for transfer Back to top Disputing and Correcting CASPA Course Subjects and GPAs Starting Your Common App
Title: Applicant Support
 url: https://appsupport.commonapp.org/applicantsupport/s/article/Where-can-I-explain-how-COVID-19-had-an-impact-on-me 
Title: Liaison International, Centralized Application Service
 url: https://apply.transfer.commonapp.org/ 
 Liaison International, Centralized Application Service
Title: Recommender Support
 url: https://recsupport.commonapp.org/ 
Title: Recommender system overview | Common App - YouTube
 url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8cgYH7W73ag 
 Recommender system overview | Common App - YouTubeAboutPressCopyrightContact
Title: 
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/static/e11b18c619df333f1eacf83ad6ab7595/FY-Apply-College-Counselor-Brag-Sheet.pdf 
R/PageLayout/SinglePage/Pages 370 0 R/StructTreeRoot 106 0 R/Type/Catalog/ViewerPreferences<>>> endobj 374 0 obj
<>/PageTransformationMatrixList<>/PageUIDList<>/PageWidthList<>>>>>/Resources<>/ExtGState<>/Font<>/Pattern<>/ProcSet[/PD
F/Text]/Properties<>/Shading<>>>/Rotate 0/StructParents 0/Tabs/S/Thumb 87 0 R/TrimBox[0.0 0.0 612.0 792.0]/Type/Page>>
application/postscript Print Gaby Brink 2019-04-15T22:09:10-07:00 2019-04-15T22:09:10-07:00 2019-04-15T22:09:10-07:00
Adobe Illustrator CC 22.0 (Macintosh) xmp.iid:748eb9ba-88e2-4710-b64c-aacdfa58c3d9
xmp.did:748eb9ba-88e2-4710-b64c-aacdfa58c3d9 uuid:5D20892493BFDB11914A8590D31508C8 proof:pdf
xmp.iid:e243af5b-1d84-4171-8a29-c1832417ce51 xmp.did:e243af5b-1d84-4171-8a29-c1832417ce51
uuid:5D20892493BFDB11914A8590D31508C8 proof:pdf saved xmp.iid:7b2c22e5-0d12-4ec6-828b-42c63f277985
2019-02-25T18:17:38-08:00 Adobe Illustrator CC 22.0 (Macintosh) / saved xmp.iid:f3fc36b1-44ae-4ba9-b7b6-8d9700643b98
2019-02-26T09:35:44-08:00 Adobe Illustrator CC 22.0 (Macintosh) / converted from application/postscript to
application/vnd.adobe.illustrator saved xmp.iid:1c48f2e7-3780-43dc-99bb-cb60450a0b51 2019-03-22T15:34:35-07:00 Adobe
Illustrator CC 22.0 (Macintosh) / converted from application/postscript to application/vnd.adobe.illustrator converted
from application/postscript to application/vnd.adobe.illustrator converted from application/postscript to
application/vnd.adobe.illustrator converted from application/postscript to application/vnd.adobe.illustrator saved
xmp.iid:36c0a0bc-9cd5-4938-99bc-e60c55b22970 2019-04-15T22:07:40-07:00 Adobe Illustrator CC 22.0 (Macintosh) / saved
xmp.iid:748eb9ba-88e2-4710-b64c-aacdfa58c3d9 2019-04-15T22:09:10-07:00 Adobe Illustrator CC 22.0 (Macintosh) / Print
False False 1 792.000000 612.000000 Points Cyan Magenta Yellow Black Default Swatch Group 0 White RGB PROCESS 255 255
255 Black RGB PROCESS 35 31 32 CMYK Red RGB PROCESS 236 28 36 CMYK Yellow RGB PROCESS 255 241 0 CMYK Green RGB PROCESS
0 165 81 CMYK Cyan RGB PROCESS 0 173 238 CMYK Blue RGB PROCESS 46 49 145 CMYK Magenta RGB PROCESS 235 0 139 C=15 M=100
Y=90 K=10 RGB PROCESS 190 30 45 C=0 M=90 Y=85 K=0 RGB PROCESS 238 64 54 C=0 M=80 Y=95 K=0 RGB PROCESS 240 90 40 C=0
M=50 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 246 146 30 C=0 M=35 Y=85 K=0 RGB PROCESS 250 175 64 C=5 M=0 Y=90 K=0 RGB PROCESS 249 236 49
C=20 M=0 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 214 222 35 C=50 M=0 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 139 197 63 C=75 M=0 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 55
179 74 C=85 M=10 Y=100 K=10 RGB PROCESS 0 147 69 C=90 M=30 Y=95 K=30 RGB PROCESS 0 104 56 C=75 M=0 Y=75 K=0 RGB PROCESS
41 180 115 C=80 M=10 Y=45 K=0 RGB PROCESS 0 166 156 C=70 M=15 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 37 169 224 C=85 M=50 Y=0 K=0 RGB
PROCESS 27 117 187 C=100 M=95 Y=5 K=0 RGB PROCESS 43 56 143 C=100 M=100 Y=25 K=25 RGB PROCESS 38 34 97 C=75 M=100 Y=0
K=0 RGB PROCESS 101 45 144 C=50 M=100 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 144 39 142 C=35 M=100 Y=35 K=10 RGB PROCESS 158 31 99 C=10
M=100 Y=50 K=0 RGB PROCESS 217 28 92 C=0 M=95 Y=20 K=0 RGB PROCESS 236 41 123 C=25 M=25 Y=40 K=0 RGB PROCESS 193 180
154 C=40 M=45 Y=50 K=5 RGB PROCESS 154 132 121 C=50 M=50 Y=60 K=25 RGB PROCESS 113 101 88 C=55 M=60 Y=65 K=40 RGB
PROCESS 90 74 66 C=25 M=40 Y=65 K=0 RGB PROCESS 195 153 107 C=30 M=50 Y=75 K=10 RGB PROCESS 168 124 79 C=35 M=60 Y=80
K=25 RGB PROCESS 138 93 59 C=40 M=65 Y=90 K=35 RGB PROCESS 117 76 40 C=40 M=70 Y=100 K=50 RGB PROCESS 96 56 19 C=50
M=70 Y=80 K=70 RGB PROCESS 59 35 20 Grays 1 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=100 RGB PROCESS 35 31 32 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=90 RGB PROCESS 64 64
65 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=80 RGB PROCESS 88 89 91 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=70 RGB PROCESS 109 110 112 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=60 RGB PROCESS 128 129
132 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=50 RGB PROCESS 146 148 151 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=40 RGB PROCESS 166 168 171 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=30 RGB PROCESS 187
189 191 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=20 RGB PROCESS 208 210 211 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=10 RGB PROCESS 230 231 232 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=5 RGB PROCESS
241 241 242 Brights 1 C=0 M=100 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 236 28 36 C=0 M=75 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 241 101 34 C=0 M=10 Y=95
K=0 RGB PROCESS 255 221 21 C=85 M=10 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 0 161 75 C=100 M=90 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 34 64 153 C=60 M=90
Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 127 63 151 Adobe PDF library 10.01 endstream endobj 1 0 obj
<>/PageTransformationMatrixList<>/PageUIDList<>/PageWidthList<>>>>>/Resources<>/ExtGState<>/Font<>/Pattern<>/ProcSet[/PD
F/Text]>>/Rotate 0/StructParents 9/Tabs/S/Thumb 88 0 R/TrimBox[0.0 0.0 612.0 792.0]/Type/Page>> endobj 2 0 obj <>stream
<>/PageTransformationMatrixList<>/PageUIDList<>/PageWidthList<>>>>>/Resources<>/ExtGState<>/Font<>/Pattern<>/ProcSet[/PD
F/Text]>>/Rotate 0/StructParents 13/Tabs/S/Thumb 89 0 R/TrimBox[0.0 0.0 612.0 792.0]/Type/Page>> endobj 5 0 obj
<>/PageTransformationMatrixList<>/PageUIDList<>/PageWidthList<>>>>>/Resources<>/ExtGState<>/Font<>/Pattern<>/ProcSet[/PD
F/Text]>>/Rotate 0/StructParents 36/Tabs/S/Thumb 90 0 R/TrimBox[0.0 0.0 612.0 792.0]/Type/Page>> endobj 8 0 obj
<>/Subtype/Form/Type/XObject>>stream q 0.952942 g 0 0 374.6 20.4 re f 0.290192 G 0.5 0.5 373.6 19.4 re s Q endstream
endobj 16 0 obj <>/Subtype/Form/Type/XObject>>stream q 0.952942 g 0 0 387.8 20.4 re f 0.290192 G 0.5 0.5 386.8 19.4 re
s Q endstream endobj 17 0 obj <>/Subtype/Form/Type/XObject>>stream q 0.952942 g 0 0 342 20.4 re f 0.290192 G 0.5 0.5
341 19.4 re s Q endstream endobj 18 0 obj <>/Subtype/Form/Type/XObject>>stream
q 0.952942 g 0 0 540 20.4 re f 0.290192 G 0.5 0.5 539 19.4 re s Q endstream endobj 20 0 obj
endobj 23 0 obj <>/Subtype/Form/Type/XObject>>stream q 0.952942 g 0 0 540 168 re f 0.290192 G 0.5 0.5 539 167 re s Q
endstream endobj 24 0 obj <>/Subtype/Form/Type/XObject>>stream q 0.952942 g 0 0 540 126 re f 0.290192 G 0.5 0.5 539 125
<>/Subtype/Form/Type/XObject>>stream q 0.952942 g 0 0 104 20.4 re f 0.290192 G 0.5 0.5 103 19.4 re s Q endstream endobj
27 0 obj <>/Subtype/Form/Type/XObject>>stream q 0.952942 g 0 0 540 70 re f 0.290192 G 0.5 0.5 539 69 re s Q endstream
<>/Subtype/Form/Type/XObject>>stream q 0.952942 g 0 0 540 42 re f 0.290192 G 0.5 0.5 539 41 re s Q endstream endobj 35
endobj 37 0 obj <>/Subtype/Form/Type/XObject>>stream q 0.952942 g 0 0 540 126 re f 0.290192 G 0.5 0.5 539 125 re s Q
endobj 41 0 obj <>/Subtype/Form/Type/XObject>>stream q 0.952942 g 0 0 540 42 re f 0.290192 G 0.5 0.5 539 41 re s Q
endstream endobj 42 0 obj <>/Subtype/Form/Type/XObject>>stream q 0.952942 g 0 0 371 14 re f 0.290192 G 0.5 0.5 370 13
re s Q endstream endobj 43 0 obj <>/Subtype/Form/Type/XObject>>stream q 0.952942 g 0 0 540 42 re f 0.290192 G 0.5 0.5
539 41 re s Q endstream endobj 44 0 obj <>/Subtype/Form/Type/XObject>>stream q 0.952942 g 0 0 423.8 14 re f 0.290192 G
0.5 0.5 422.8 13 re s Q endstream endobj 45 0 obj <>/Subtype/Form/Type/XObject>>stream q 0.952942 g 0 0 540 154 re f
0.290192 G 0.5 0.5 539 153 re s Q endstream endobj 46 0 obj <>/Subtype/Form/Type/XObject>>stream q 0.952942 g 0 0 540
126 re f 0.290192 G 0.5 0.5 539 125 re s Q endstream endobj 47 0 obj <>/Subtype/Form/Type/XObject>>stream q 0.952942 g
0 0 540 126 re f 0.290192 G 0.5 0.5 539 125 re s Q endstream endobj 48 0 obj <>/Subtype/Form/Type/XObject>>stream q
0.952942 g 0 0 345.2 14 re f 0.290192 G 0.5 0.5 344.2 13 re s Q endstream endobj 49 0 obj
<>/Subtype/Form/Type/XObject>>stream q 0.952942 g 0 0 414.2 14 re f 0.290192 G 0.5 0.5 413.2 13 re s Q endstream endobj
endobj 55 0 obj <>/Subtype/Form/Type/XObject>>stream q 0.952942 g 0 0 435.2 14 re f 0.290192 G 0.5 0.5 434.2 13 re s Q
endobj 61 0 obj <>/Subtype/Form/Type/XObject>>stream q 0.952942 g 0 0 431 14 re f 0.290192 G 0.5 0.5 430 13 re s Q
endobj 68 0 obj <>/Subtype/Form/Type/XObject>>stream q 0.952942 g 0 0 540 42 re f 0.290192 G 0.5 0.5 539 41 re s Q
2023-09-22T14:47:37-05:00 2023-09-22T14:47:37-05:00 Adobe InDesign 18.4 (Macintosh)
uuid:f1ca8044-9fa2-4b33-b7f0-d4e679f9805e xmp.did:92db5277-9d80-48df-91f5-64b1a9203f29
xmp.id:11b5d215-7a78-403f-ad7a-f3bfadfe5b52 proof:pdf xmp.iid:891a94d6-d33e-432a-952e-882f556b9e29
xmp.did:d0034b27-4333-4a90-bc5d-285ee35fc90f xmp.did:92db5277-9d80-48df-91f5-64b1a9203f29 default converted from
application/x-indesign to application/pdf Adobe InDesign 18.4 (Macintosh) / 2023-07-17T16:25:27-04:00 True
Title: 
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/static/df302c927cb22ec81af0665ab9daaafc/FY_MyCollegeReq_CAReady.pdf 
00000 n 0000004117 00000 n 0000006282 00000 n 0000006730 00000 n 0000007258 00000 n 0000007295 00000 n 0000007409 00000
n 0000007521 00000 n 0000008085 00000 n 0000008191 00000 n 0000008673 00000 n 0000009075 00000 n 0000009578 00000 n
0000009667 00000 n 0000010394 00000 n 0000010947 00000 n 0000011539 00000 n 0000012150 00000 n 0000012765 00000 n
0000013398 00000 n 0000014044 00000 n 0000014313 00000 n 0000018407 00000 n 0000021697 00000 n 0000024346 00000 n
0000024374 00000 n 0000024494 00000 n 0000024591 00000 n 0000024737 00000 n 0000024839 00000 n 0000025245 00000 n
0000025751 00000 n 0000053281 00000 n 0000087520 00000 n 0000088196 00000 n 0000003540 00000 n 0000001096 00000 n
trailer <<23B58BABDE164FB98D001C9E8DC4FCA3>]/Prev 285984/XRefStm 3540>> startxref 0 %%EOF 997 0 obj <>stream
obj <>/Metadata 492 0 R/OpenAction 960 0 R/Outlines 476 0 R/PageLayout/SinglePage/Pages 491 0 R/StructTreeRoot 494 0
R/Type/Catalog/ViewerPreferences<>>> endobj 960 0 obj <> endobj 961 0 obj <>>>/Fields 477 0 R>> endobj 962 0 obj
</LastModified/NumberOfPageItemsInPage 13/NumberofPages
1/OriginalDocumentID/PageItemUIDToLocationDataMap<>/PageTransformationMatrixList<>/PageUIDList<>/PageWidthList<>>>>>/Res
ources<>/ExtGState<>/Font<>/ProcSet[/PDF/Text]/XObject<>>>/Rotate 0/StructParents 0/Tabs/S/Thumb 486 0 R/TrimBox[0.0
0.0 612.0 792.0]/Type/Page>> endobj 963 0 obj <> endobj 964 0 obj <> endobj 965 0 obj [/ICCBased 984 0 R] endobj 966 0
endstream endobj 977 0 obj <>stream
endstream endobj 985 0 obj [/Pattern] endobj 986 0 obj <> endobj 987 0 obj <> endobj 988 0 obj <> endobj 989 0 obj <>
994 0 obj <</BBox[0.0 792.0 612.0 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 349/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R/CS1 985 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 966 0 R/GS1 967 0 R>>/Font<</T1_0 991 0
R>>/Pattern<</P0 989 0 R>>/ProcSet[/PDF/Text/ImageC]/XObject<</Im0 993 0 R>>>>/Subtype/Form>>stream
R/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 1 0 obj <</Annots 2 0 R/ArtBox[0.0 0.0 612.0 792.0]/BleedBox[0.0 0.0 612.0
792.0]/Contents 3 0 R/CropBox[0.0 0.0 612.0 792.0]/Group 4 0 R/MediaBox[0.0 0.0 612.0 792.0]/Parent 491 0
R/PieceInfo<</InDesign<</DocumentID<FEFF0078006D0070002E006400690064003A00660030006500380030006600650035002D003300360061
0034002D0034006200650034002D0062006400640064002D006200350030006600390066003100650033006200360062>/LastModified<FEFF00440
03A00320030003200300031003200320039003100360034003800350036005A>/NumberOfPageItemsInPage 78/NumberofPages
1/OriginalDocumentID<FEFF0078006D0070002E006400690064003A00390032006400620035003200370037002D0039006400380030002D0034003
800640066002D0039003100660035002D003600340062003100610039003200300033006600320039>/PageItemUIDToLocationDataMap<</0[910.
0 77.0 3.0 -270.48 362.834 -21.0235 368.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -96.9528 445.44]/1[2749.0 0.0 2.0 -270.0 -286.0 -76.2491
-262.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -22.0 -189.0]/10[2982.0 37.0 2.0 -244.0 -11.2518 -226.21 4.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -169.0
63.7482]/11[3005.0 39.0 2.0 -244.0 17.2174 -229.575 32.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -169.0 92.2174]/12[3050.0 40.0 2.0 -270.0 46.0
-194.961 60.7826 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -195.0 121.0]/13[3073.0 41.0 2.0 -244.0 60.0 -198.177 74.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -169.0
135.0]/14[3077.0 42.0 2.0 -244.092 88.0 -143.695 102.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -169.092 163.0]/15[3119.0 43.0 2.0 -270.0
115.217 -189.682 130.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -195.0 190.217]/16[3148.0 44.0 2.0 -244.092 133.888 -140.835 144.0 1.0 0.0 0.0
1.0 -169.092 208.888]/17[3171.0 45.0 2.0 -244.092 160.5 -160.768 172.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -169.092 235.5]/18[3194.0 46.0
2.0 -244.092 186.0 -139.411 200.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -169.092 261.0]/19[3221.0 47.0 2.0 -244.092 214.5 -166.088 228.0 1.0
0.0 0.0 1.0 -169.092 289.5]/2[2772.0 1.0 4.0 -316.0 -179.0 315.4 -177.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -306.6 2.0]/20[3244.0 48.0 2.0
-244.092 242.25 -205.96 256.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -169.092 317.25]/21[3267.0 49.0 2.0 -244.092 269.25 -205.343 284.0 1.0
0.0 0.0 1.0 -169.092 344.25]/22[3295.0 50.0 2.0 -19.3333 -152.364 84.4986 -136.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 55.6667
-77.3636]/23[3318.0 51.0 2.0 10.105 -141.0 27.895 -122.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 85.105 -66.0]/24[3325.0 52.0 2.0 10.105 -106.0
24.5303 -94.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 85.105 -31.0]/25[3367.0 53.0 2.0 10.105 -80.0 123.168 -66.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 85.105
-5.0]/26[3390.0 54.0 2.0 -19.3333 -52.0 86.1823 -38.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 55.6667 23.0]/27[3417.0 55.0 2.0 -19.3333 -38.0
96.3039 -24.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 55.6667 37.0]/28[3440.0 58.0 2.0 46.5763 -4.38235 92.0 4.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 121.576
70.6176]/29[3463.0 68.0 2.0 155.124 -10.0 199.0 4.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 230.124 65.0]/3[2775.0 2.0 4.0 -270.0 -220.0
144.667 -206.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -62.6667 -206.0]/30[3472.0 56.0 2.0 -19.3333 18.0 86.6003 32.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 55.6667
93.0]/31[3495.0 59.0 2.0 46.5763 51.6176 92.0 60.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 121.576 126.618]/32[3518.0 69.0 2.0 155.124 46.0
199.0 60.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 230.124 121.0]/33[3590.0 57.0 2.0 -19.3333 74.0 77.6399 88.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 55.6667
149.0]/34[3619.0 60.0 2.0 46.5763 93.6176 168.667 130.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 121.576 168.618]/35[3642.0 61.0 2.0 46.5763
121.618 80.029 130.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 121.576 196.618]/36[3665.0 62.0 2.0 46.5763 149.618 79.8752 158.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0
121.576 224.618]/37[3688.0 63.0 2.0 46.5763 177.618 180.739 186.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 121.576 252.618]/38[3711.0 64.0 2.0
46.5763 205.618 92.8977 214.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 121.576 280.618]/39[3734.0 65.0 2.0 46.5763 233.618 122.127 242.0 1.0 0.0
0.0 1.0 121.576 308.618]/4[2851.0 32.0 2.0 -270.0 -156.398 -218.773 -136.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -195.0 -81.3984]/40[3757.0
66.0 2.0 46.5763 261.618 70.1081 270.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 121.576 336.618]/41[3780.0 67.0 2.0 46.5763 289.618 76.7025
298.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 121.576 364.618]/42[3814.0 27.0 4.0 -210.8 -150.0 -82.0 -136.25 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -146.4
-136.25]/43[3815.0 28.0 4.0 -172.4 -122.0 -82.0 -107.75 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -127.2 -107.75]/44[3816.0 3.0 4.0 -263.0 -76.0
-252.966 -66.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -258.0 -71.0]/45[3821.0 25.0 4.0 -263.0 -48.0 -252.966 -38.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -258.0
-43.0]/46[3827.0 15.0 4.0 -263.0 -6.0 -252.966 4.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -258.0 -1.0]/47[3842.0 16.0 4.0 -263.0 22.0 -252.966
32.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -258.0 27.0]/48[3848.0 17.0 4.0 -263.0 64.0 -252.966 74.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -258.0 69.0]/49[3853.0
18.0 4.0 -263.0 92.0 -252.966 102.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -258.0 97.0]/5[2880.0 33.0 2.0 -270.0 -129.024 -181.021 -108.0 1.0
0.0 0.0 1.0 -195.0 -54.0236]/50[3860.0 19.0 4.0 -263.0 134.0 -252.966 144.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -258.0 139.0]/51[3867.0
20.0 4.0 -263.0 162.0 -252.966 172.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -258.0 167.0]/52[3872.0 21.0 4.0 -263.0 190.0 -252.966 200.0 1.0
0.0 0.0 1.0 -258.0 195.0]/53[3877.0 22.0 4.0 -263.0 218.0 -252.966 228.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -258.0 223.0]/54[3882.0 23.0
4.0 -263.0 246.0 -252.966 256.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -258.0 251.0]/55[3911.0 24.0 4.0 -263.0 274.0 -252.966 284.0 1.0 0.0
0.0 1.0 -258.0 279.0]/56[3916.0 4.0 4.0 -9.33333 -132.0 0.700272 -122.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -4.33333 -127.0]/57[3921.0 5.0
4.0 -9.33333 -104.0 0.700272 -94.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -4.33333 -99.0]/58[3926.0 6.0 4.0 -9.33333 -76.0 0.700272 -66.0 1.0
0.0 0.0 1.0 -4.33333 -71.0]/59[3933.0 26.0 4.0 19.3333 -10.0 37.3333 3.75 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 28.3333 3.75]/6[2903.0 34.0
2.0 -270.0 -95.2518 -185.809 -80.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -195.0 -20.2518]/60[3939.0 29.0 4.0 126.667 -10.0 144.667 3.75 1.0
0.0 0.0 1.0 135.667 3.75]/61[3940.0 31.0 4.0 19.3333 46.0 37.3333 59.75 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 28.3333 59.75]/62[3941.0 30.0
4.0 126.667 46.0 144.667 59.75 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 135.667 59.75]/63[3942.0 7.0 4.0 24.0 92.0 34.0336 102.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0
29.0 97.0]/64[3947.0 8.0 4.0 24.0 120.0 34.0336 130.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 29.0 125.0]/65[3952.0 9.0 4.0 24.0 148.0 34.0336
158.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 29.0 153.0]/66[3960.0 10.0 4.0 24.0 176.0 34.0336 186.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 29.0 181.0]/67[3970.0
11.0 4.0 24.0 204.0 34.0336 214.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 29.0 209.0]/68[3975.0 12.0 4.0 24.0 232.0 34.0336 242.0 1.0 0.0 0.0
1.0 29.0 237.0]/69[3980.0 13.0 4.0 24.0 260.0 34.0336 270.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 29.0 265.0]/7[2926.0 36.0 2.0 -244.0
-81.2518 -226.21 -66.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -169.0 -6.2518]/70[3996.0 14.0 4.0 24.0 288.0 34.0336 298.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 29.0
293.0]/71[7460.0 70.0 4.0 -270.0 -206.25 144.667 -205.75 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 -990.0]/72[7469.0 71.0 4.0 -210.8 -136.5
-82.0 -136.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -178.4 -1078.25]/73[7470.0 72.0 4.0 -172.4 -108.0 -82.0 -107.5 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -178.4
-1049.75]/74[7474.0 73.0 4.0 19.3333 3.5 37.3333 4.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 51.7333 -938.25]/75[7479.0 74.0 4.0 126.667 3.5
144.667 4.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 159.067 -938.25]/76[7484.0 75.0 4.0 19.3333 59.5 37.3333 60.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 51.7333
-882.25]/77[7488.0 76.0 4.0 126.667 59.5 144.667 60.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 159.067 -882.25]/8[2953.0 38.0 2.0 -244.0
-52.7826 -200.124 -38.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -169.0 22.2174]/9[2959.0 35.0 2.0 -270.0 -25.2518 -166.715 -10.0 1.0 0.0 0.0
1.0 -195.0 49.7482]>>/PageTransformationMatrixList<</0[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -306.0 -396.0]>>/PageUIDList<</0
361>>/PageWidthList<</0 612.0>>>>>>/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 966 0 R/GS1 967 0
R>>/Font<</T1_0 963 0 R/T1_1 964 0 R>>/ProcSet[/PDF/Text]/XObject<</Fm0 75 0 R>>>>/Rotate 0/StructParents
1/Tabs/S/Thumb 487 0 R/TrimBox[0.0 0.0 612.0 792.0]/Type/Page>> endobj 2 0 obj [124 0 R 136 0 R 134 0 R 130 0 R 25 0 R
38 0 R 126 0 R 123 0 R 88 0 R 82 0 R 98 0 R 96 0 R 19 0 R 108 0 R 104 0 R 135 0 R 32 0 R 91 0 R 128 0 R 122 0 R 118 0 R
107 0 R 22 0 R 109 0 R 113 0 R 103 0 R 34 0 R 73 0 R 70 0 R 66 0 R] endobj 3 0 obj <</Filter/FlateDecode/Length
R/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 5 0 obj <</Annots 6 0 R/ArtBox[0.0 0.0 612.0 792.0]/BleedBox[0.0 0.0 612.0
792.0]/Contents 7 0 R/CropBox[0.0 0.0 612.0 792.0]/Group 8 0 R/MediaBox[0.0 0.0 612.0 792.0]/Parent 491 0
R/PieceInfo<</InDesign<</DocumentID<FEFF0078006D0070002E006400690064003A00660030006500380030006600650035002D003300360061
0034002D0034006200650034002D0062006400640064002D006200350030006600390066003100650033006200360062>/LastModified<FEFF00440
03A00320030003200300031003200320039003100360034003800350036005A>/NumberOfPageItemsInPage 78/NumberofPages
1/OriginalDocumentID<FEFF0078006D0070002E006400690064003A00390032006400620035003200370037002D0039006400380030002D0034003
800640066002D0039003100660035002D003600340062003100610039003200300033006600320039>/PageItemUIDToLocationDataMap<</0[910.
0 77.0 3.0 -270.48 362.834 -21.0235 368.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -96.9528 445.44]/1[4023.0 0.0 2.0 -270.0 -286.0 -76.2491
-262.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -22.0 -189.0]/10[4087.0 9.0 4.0 24.0 148.0 34.0336 158.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 29.0 153.0]/11[4093.0
10.0 4.0 24.0 176.0 34.0336 186.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 29.0 181.0]/12[4099.0 11.0 4.0 24.0 204.0 34.0336 214.0 1.0 0.0 0.0
1.0 29.0 209.0]/13[4105.0 12.0 4.0 24.0 232.0 34.0336 242.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 29.0 237.0]/14[4111.0 13.0 4.0 24.0 260.0
34.0336 270.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 29.0 265.0]/15[4117.0 14.0 4.0 24.0 288.0 34.0336 298.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 29.0
293.0]/16[4124.0 15.0 4.0 -263.0 -6.0 -252.966 4.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -258.0 -1.0]/17[4130.0 16.0 4.0 -263.0 22.0 -252.966
32.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -258.0 27.0]/18[4136.0 17.0 4.0 -263.0 64.0 -252.966 74.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -258.0 69.0]/19[4142.0
18.0 4.0 -263.0 92.0 -252.966 102.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -258.0 97.0]/2[4046.0 1.0 4.0 -316.0 -179.0 315.4 -177.0 1.0 0.0
0.0 1.0 -306.6 2.0]/20[4150.0 19.0 4.0 -263.0 134.0 -252.966 144.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -258.0 139.0]/21[4156.0 20.0 4.0
-263.0 162.0 -252.966 172.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -258.0 167.0]/22[4162.0 21.0 4.0 -263.0 190.0 -252.966 200.0 1.0 0.0 0.0
1.0 -258.0 195.0]/23[4168.0 22.0 4.0 -263.0 218.0 -252.966 228.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -258.0 223.0]/24[4175.0 23.0 4.0
-263.0 246.0 -252.966 256.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -258.0 251.0]/25[4181.0 24.0 4.0 -263.0 274.0 -252.966 284.0 1.0 0.0 0.0
1.0 -258.0 279.0]/26[4188.0 25.0 4.0 -263.0 -48.0 -252.966 -38.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -258.0 -43.0]/27[4194.0 26.0 4.0
19.3333 -10.0 37.3333 3.75 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 28.3333 3.75]/28[4196.0 27.0 4.0 -210.8 -150.0 -82.0 -136.25 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0
-146.4 -136.25]/29[4198.0 28.0 4.0 -172.4 -122.0 -82.0 -107.75 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -127.2 -107.75]/3[4047.0 2.0 4.0 -270.0
-220.0 144.667 -206.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -62.6667 -206.0]/30[4200.0 29.0 4.0 126.667 -10.0 144.667 3.75 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0
135.667 3.75]/31[4202.0 30.0 4.0 126.667 46.0 144.667 59.75 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 135.667 59.75]/32[4204.0 31.0 4.0 19.3333
46.0 37.3333 59.75 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 28.3333 59.75]/33[4207.0 32.0 2.0 -270.0 -156.398 -218.773 -136.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0
-195.0 -81.3984]/34[4230.0 33.0 2.0 -270.0 -129.024 -181.021 -108.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -195.0 -54.0236]/35[4253.0 34.0 2.0
-270.0 -95.2518 -185.809 -80.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -195.0 -20.2518]/36[4276.0 35.0 2.0 -270.0 -25.2518 -166.715 -10.0 1.0
0.0 0.0 1.0 -195.0 49.7482]/37[4299.0 36.0 2.0 -244.0 -81.2518 -226.21 -66.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -169.0 -6.2518]/38[4322.0
37.0 2.0 -244.0 -11.2518 -226.21 4.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -169.0 63.7482]/39[4345.0 38.0 2.0 -244.0 -52.7826 -200.124 -38.0
1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -169.0 22.2174]/4[4049.0 3.0 4.0 -263.0 -76.0 -252.966 -66.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -258.0 -71.0]/40[4368.0
39.0 2.0 -244.0 17.2174 -229.575 32.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -169.0 92.2174]/41[4391.0 40.0 2.0 -270.0 46.0 -194.961 60.7826
1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -195.0 121.0]/42[4414.0 41.0 2.0 -244.0 60.0 -198.177 74.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -169.0 135.0]/43[4437.0 42.0
2.0 -244.092 88.0 -143.695 102.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -169.092 163.0]/44[4460.0 43.0 2.0 -270.0 115.217 -189.682 130.0 1.0
0.0 0.0 1.0 -195.0 190.217]/45[4483.0 44.0 2.0 -244.092 133.888 -140.835 144.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -169.092
208.888]/46[4506.0 45.0 2.0 -244.092 160.5 -160.768 172.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -169.092 235.5]/47[4529.0 46.0 2.0 -244.092
186.0 -139.411 200.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -169.092 261.0]/48[4552.0 47.0 2.0 -244.092 214.5 -166.088 228.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0
-169.092 289.5]/49[4575.0 48.0 2.0 -244.092 242.25 -205.96 256.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -169.092 317.25]/5[4055.0 4.0 4.0
-9.33333 -132.0 0.700272 -122.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -4.33333 -127.0]/50[4599.0 49.0 2.0 -244.092 269.25 -205.343 284.0 1.0
0.0 0.0 1.0 -169.092 344.25]/51[4622.0 50.0 2.0 -19.3333 -152.364 84.4986 -136.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 55.6667
-77.3636]/52[4645.0 51.0 2.0 10.105 -141.0 27.895 -122.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 85.105 -66.0]/53[4668.0 52.0 2.0 10.105 -106.0
24.5303 -94.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 85.105 -31.0]/54[4691.0 53.0 2.0 10.105 -80.0 123.168 -66.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 85.105
-5.0]/55[4714.0 54.0 2.0 -19.3333 -52.0 86.1823 -38.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 55.6667 23.0]/56[4737.0 55.0 2.0 -19.3333 -38.0
96.3039 -24.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 55.6667 37.0]/57[4760.0 56.0 2.0 -19.3333 18.0 86.6003 32.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 55.6667
93.0]/58[4783.0 57.0 2.0 -19.3333 74.0 77.6399 88.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 55.6667 149.0]/59[4806.0 58.0 2.0 46.5763 -4.38235
92.0 4.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 121.576 70.6176]/6[4061.0 5.0 4.0 -9.33333 -104.0 0.700272 -94.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -4.33333
-99.0]/60[4829.0 59.0 2.0 46.5763 51.6176 92.0 60.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 121.576 126.618]/61[4852.0 60.0 2.0 46.5763 93.6176
111.563 102.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 121.576 168.618]/62[4875.0 61.0 2.0 46.5763 121.618 80.029 130.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 121.576
196.618]/63[4898.0 62.0 2.0 46.5763 149.618 79.8752 158.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 121.576 224.618]/64[4921.0 63.0 2.0 46.5763
177.618 180.739 186.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 121.576 252.618]/65[4944.0 64.0 2.0 46.5763 205.618 92.8977 214.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0
121.576 280.618]/66[4967.0 65.0 2.0 46.5763 233.618 122.127 242.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 121.576 308.618]/67[4991.0 66.0 2.0
46.5763 261.618 70.1081 270.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 121.576 336.618]/68[5014.0 67.0 2.0 46.5763 289.618 76.7025 298.0 1.0 0.0
0.0 1.0 121.576 364.618]/69[5037.0 68.0 2.0 155.124 -10.0 199.0 4.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 230.124 65.0]/7[4067.0 6.0 4.0
-9.33333 -76.0 0.700272 -66.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -4.33333 -71.0]/70[5060.0 69.0 2.0 155.124 46.0 199.0 60.0 1.0 0.0 0.0
1.0 230.124 121.0]/71[7461.0 70.0 4.0 -270.0 -206.25 144.667 -205.75 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 -990.0]/72[7466.0 71.0 4.0
-210.8 -136.5 -82.0 -136.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -178.4 -1078.25]/73[7471.0 72.0 4.0 -172.4 -108.0 -82.0 -107.5 1.0 0.0 0.0
1.0 -178.4 -1049.75]/74[7475.0 73.0 4.0 19.3333 3.5 37.3333 4.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 51.7333 -938.25]/75[7481.0 74.0 4.0
126.667 3.5 144.667 4.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 159.067 -938.25]/76[7485.0 75.0 4.0 19.3333 59.5 37.3333 60.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0
51.7333 -882.25]/77[7490.0 76.0 4.0 126.667 59.5 144.667 60.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 159.067 -882.25]/8[4073.0 7.0 4.0 24.0
92.0 34.0336 102.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 29.0 97.0]/9[4081.0 8.0 4.0 24.0 120.0 34.0336 130.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 29.0
125.0]>>/PageTransformationMatrixList<</0[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -306.0 -396.0]>>/PageUIDList<</0 4022>>/PageWidthList<</0
612.0>>>>>>/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 966 0 R/GS1 967 0 R>>/Font<</T1_0 963 0 R/T1_1 964 0
R>>/ProcSet[/PDF/Text]/XObject<</Fm0 75 0 R>>>>/Rotate 0/StructParents 32/Tabs/S/Thumb 488 0 R/TrimBox[0.0 0.0 612.0
792.0]/Type/Page>> endobj 6 0 obj [193 0 R 161 0 R 239 0 R 178 0 R 166 0 R 164 0 R 236 0 R 179 0 R 186 0 R 233 0 R 202
0 R 247 0 R 200 0 R 199 0 R 204 0 R 174 0 R 237 0 R 234 0 R 190 0 R 244 0 R 248 0 R 189 0 R 242 0 R 227 0 R 224 0 R 220
0 R 219 0 R 230 0 R 216 0 R 213 0 R] endobj 7 0 obj <</Filter/FlateDecode/Length 2005>>stream
obj <</Annots 10 0 R/ArtBox[0.0 0.0 612.0 792.0]/BleedBox[0.0 0.0 612.0 792.0]/Contents 11 0 R/CropBox[0.0 0.0 612.0
792.0]/Group 12 0 R/MediaBox[0.0 0.0 612.0 792.0]/Parent 491 0
R/PieceInfo<</InDesign<</DocumentID<FEFF0078006D0070002E006400690064003A00660030006500380030006600650035002D003300360061
0034002D0034006200650034002D0062006400640064002D006200350030006600390066003100650033006200360062>/LastModified<FEFF00440
03A00320030003200300031003200320039003100360034003800350036005A>/NumberOfPageItemsInPage 78/NumberofPages
1/OriginalDocumentID<FEFF0078006D0070002E006400690064003A00390032006400620035003200370037002D0039006400380030002D0034003
800640066002D0039003100660035002D003600340062003100610039003200300033006600320039>/PageItemUIDToLocationDataMap<</0[910.
0 77.0 3.0 -270.48 362.834 -21.0235 368.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -96.9528 445.44]/1[5142.0 0.0 2.0 -270.0 -286.0 -76.2491
-262.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -22.0 -189.0]/10[5206.0 9.0 4.0 24.0 148.0 34.0336 158.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 29.0 153.0]/11[5212.0
10.0 4.0 24.0 176.0 34.0336 186.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 29.0 181.0]/12[5218.0 11.0 4.0 24.0 204.0 34.0336 214.0 1.0 0.0 0.0
1.0 29.0 209.0]/13[5224.0 12.0 4.0 24.0 232.0 34.0336 242.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 29.0 237.0]/14[5231.0 13.0 4.0 24.0 260.0
34.0336 270.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 29.0 265.0]/15[5237.0 14.0 4.0 24.0 288.0 34.0336 298.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 29.0
293.0]/16[5243.0 15.0 4.0 -263.0 -6.0 -252.966 4.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -258.0 -1.0]/17[5249.0 16.0 4.0 -263.0 22.0 -252.966
32.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -258.0 27.0]/18[5255.0 17.0 4.0 -263.0 64.0 -252.966 74.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -258.0 69.0]/19[5262.0
18.0 4.0 -263.0 92.0 -252.966 102.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -258.0 97.0]/2[5165.0 1.0 4.0 -316.0 -179.0 315.4 -177.0 1.0 0.0
0.0 1.0 -306.6 2.0]/20[5268.0 19.0 4.0 -263.0 134.0 -252.966 144.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -258.0 139.0]/21[5274.0 20.0 4.0
-263.0 162.0 -252.966 172.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -258.0 167.0]/22[5281.0 21.0 4.0 -263.0 190.0 -252.966 200.0 1.0 0.0 0.0
1.0 -258.0 195.0]/23[5287.0 22.0 4.0 -263.0 218.0 -252.966 228.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -258.0 223.0]/24[5294.0 23.0 4.0
-263.0 246.0 -252.966 256.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -258.0 251.0]/25[5300.0 24.0 4.0 -263.0 274.0 -252.966 284.0 1.0 0.0 0.0
1.0 -258.0 279.0]/26[5306.0 25.0 4.0 -263.0 -48.0 -252.966 -38.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -258.0 -43.0]/27[5314.0 26.0 4.0
19.3333 -10.0 37.3333 3.75 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 28.3333 3.75]/28[5316.0 27.0 4.0 -210.8 -150.0 -82.0 -136.25 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0
-146.4 -136.25]/29[5318.0 28.0 4.0 -172.4 -122.0 -82.0 -107.75 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -127.2 -107.75]/3[5166.0 2.0 4.0 -270.0
-220.0 144.667 -206.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -62.6667 -206.0]/30[5321.0 29.0 4.0 126.667 -10.0 144.667 3.75 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0
135.667 3.75]/31[5324.0 30.0 4.0 126.667 46.0 144.667 59.75 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 135.667 59.75]/32[5326.0 31.0 4.0 19.3333
46.0 37.3333 59.75 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 28.3333 59.75]/33[5328.0 32.0 2.0 -270.0 -156.398 -218.773 -136.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0
-195.0 -81.3984]/34[5351.0 33.0 2.0 -270.0 -129.024 -181.021 -108.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -195.0 -54.0236]/35[5374.0 34.0 2.0
-270.0 -95.2518 -185.809 -80.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -195.0 -20.2518]/36[5397.0 35.0 2.0 -270.0 -25.2518 -166.715 -10.0 1.0
0.0 0.0 1.0 -195.0 49.7482]/37[5420.0 36.0 2.0 -244.0 -81.2518 -226.21 -66.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -169.0 -6.2518]/38[5443.0
37.0 2.0 -244.0 -11.2518 -226.21 4.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -169.0 63.7482]/39[5466.0 38.0 2.0 -244.0 -52.7826 -200.124 -38.0
1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -169.0 22.2174]/4[5168.0 3.0 4.0 -263.0 -76.0 -252.966 -66.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -258.0 -71.0]/40[5489.0
39.0 2.0 -244.0 17.2174 -229.575 32.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -169.0 92.2174]/41[5512.0 40.0 2.0 -270.0 46.0 -194.961 60.7826
1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -195.0 121.0]/42[5535.0 41.0 2.0 -244.0 60.0 -198.177 74.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -169.0 135.0]/43[5558.0 42.0
2.0 -244.092 88.0 -143.695 102.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -169.092 163.0]/44[5581.0 43.0 2.0 -270.0 115.217 -189.682 130.0 1.0
0.0 0.0 1.0 -195.0 190.217]/45[5604.0 44.0 2.0 -244.092 133.888 -140.835 144.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -169.092
208.888]/46[5628.0 45.0 2.0 -244.092 160.5 -160.768 172.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -169.092 235.5]/47[5651.0 46.0 2.0 -244.092
186.0 -139.411 200.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -169.092 261.0]/48[5674.0 47.0 2.0 -244.092 214.5 -166.088 228.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0
-169.092 289.5]/49[5697.0 48.0 2.0 -244.092 242.25 -205.96 256.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -169.092 317.25]/5[5174.0 4.0 4.0
-9.33333 -132.0 0.700272 -122.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -4.33333 -127.0]/50[5720.0 49.0 2.0 -244.092 269.25 -205.343 284.0 1.0
0.0 0.0 1.0 -169.092 344.25]/51[5743.0 50.0 2.0 -19.3333 -152.364 84.4986 -136.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 55.6667
-77.3636]/52[5766.0 51.0 2.0 10.105 -141.0 27.895 -122.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 85.105 -66.0]/53[5789.0 52.0 2.0 10.105 -106.0
24.5303 -94.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 85.105 -31.0]/54[5812.0 53.0 2.0 10.105 -80.0 123.168 -66.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 85.105
-5.0]/55[5835.0 54.0 2.0 -19.3333 -52.0 86.1823 -38.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 55.6667 23.0]/56[5858.0 55.0 2.0 -19.3333 -38.0
96.3039 -24.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 55.6667 37.0]/57[5881.0 56.0 2.0 -19.3333 18.0 86.6003 32.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 55.6667
93.0]/58[5904.0 57.0 2.0 -19.3333 74.0 77.6399 88.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 55.6667 149.0]/59[5927.0 58.0 2.0 46.5763 -4.38235
92.0 4.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 121.576 70.6176]/6[5180.0 5.0 4.0 -9.33333 -104.0 0.700272 -94.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -4.33333
-99.0]/60[5950.0 59.0 2.0 46.5763 51.6176 92.0 60.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 121.576 126.618]/61[5973.0 60.0 2.0 46.5763 93.6176
111.563 102.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 121.576 168.618]/62[5997.0 61.0 2.0 46.5763 121.618 80.029 130.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 121.576
196.618]/63[6020.0 62.0 2.0 46.5763 149.618 79.8752 158.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 121.576 224.618]/64[6043.0 63.0 2.0 46.5763
177.618 180.739 186.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 121.576 252.618]/65[6066.0 64.0 2.0 46.5763 205.618 92.8977 214.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0
121.576 280.618]/66[6089.0 65.0 2.0 46.5763 233.618 122.127 242.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 121.576 308.618]/67[6112.0 66.0 2.0
46.5763 261.618 70.1081 270.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 121.576 336.618]/68[6135.0 67.0 2.0 46.5763 289.618 76.7025 298.0 1.0 0.0
0.0 1.0 121.576 364.618]/69[6158.0 68.0 2.0 155.124 -10.0 199.0 4.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 230.124 65.0]/7[5187.0 6.0 4.0
-9.33333 -76.0 0.700272 -66.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -4.33333 -71.0]/70[6181.0 69.0 2.0 155.124 46.0 199.0 60.0 1.0 0.0 0.0
1.0 230.124 121.0]/71[7463.0 70.0 4.0 -270.0 -206.25 144.667 -205.75 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 -990.0]/72[7467.0 71.0 4.0
-210.8 -136.5 -82.0 -136.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -178.4 -1078.25]/73[7472.0 72.0 4.0 -172.4 -108.0 -82.0 -107.5 1.0 0.0 0.0
1.0 -178.4 -1049.75]/74[7477.0 73.0 4.0 19.3333 3.5 37.3333 4.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 51.7333 -938.25]/75[7482.0 74.0 4.0
126.667 3.5 144.667 4.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 159.067 -938.25]/76[7486.0 75.0 4.0 19.3333 59.5 37.3333 60.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0
51.7333 -882.25]/77[7491.0 76.0 4.0 126.667 59.5 144.667 60.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 159.067 -882.25]/8[5193.0 7.0 4.0 24.0
92.0 34.0336 102.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 29.0 97.0]/9[5199.0 8.0 4.0 24.0 120.0 34.0336 130.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 29.0
125.0]>>/PageTransformationMatrixList<</0[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -306.0 -396.0]>>/PageUIDList<</0 5141>>/PageWidthList<</0
612.0>>>>>>/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 966 0 R/GS1 967 0 R>>/Font<</T1_0 963 0 R/T1_1 964 0
R>>/ProcSet[/PDF/Text]/XObject<</Fm0 75 0 R>>>>/Rotate 0/StructParents 63/Tabs/S/Thumb 489 0 R/TrimBox[0.0 0.0 612.0
792.0]/Type/Page>> endobj 10 0 obj [348 0 R 346 0 R 343 0 R 340 0 R 337 0 R 334 0 R 331 0 R 328 0 R 325 0 R 322 0 R 319
0 R 316 0 R 313 0 R 310 0 R 307 0 R 304 0 R 301 0 R 298 0 R 295 0 R 292 0 R 289 0 R 286 0 R 283 0 R 280 0 R 277 0 R 275
0 R 273 0 R 271 0 R 269 0 R 267 0 R] endobj 11 0 obj <</Filter/FlateDecode/Length 2004>>stream
R/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 13 0 obj <</Annots 14 0 R/ArtBox[0.0 0.0 612.0 792.0]/BleedBox[0.0 0.0 612.0
792.0]/Contents 15 0 R/CropBox[0.0 0.0 612.0 792.0]/Group 16 0 R/MediaBox[0.0 0.0 612.0 792.0]/Parent 491 0
R/PieceInfo<</InDesign<</DocumentID<FEFF0078006D0070002E006400690064003A00660030006500380030006600650035002D003300360061
0034002D0034006200650034002D0062006400640064002D006200350030006600390066003100650033006200360062>/LastModified<FEFF00440
03A00320030003200300031003200320039003100360034003800350036005A>/NumberOfPageItemsInPage 79/NumberofPages
1/OriginalDocumentID<FEFF0078006D0070002E006400690064003A00390032006400620035003200370037002D0039006400380030002D0034003
800640066002D0039003100660035002D003600340062003100610039003200300033006600320039>/PageItemUIDToLocationDataMap<</0[910.
0 78.0 3.0 -270.48 362.834 -21.0235 368.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -96.9528 445.44]/1[6348.0 0.0 2.0 -270.0 -286.0 -76.2491
-262.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -22.0 -189.0]/10[6411.0 9.0 4.0 24.0 148.0 34.0336 158.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 29.0 153.0]/11[6418.0
10.0 4.0 24.0 176.0 34.0336 186.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 29.0 181.0]/12[6424.0 11.0 4.0 24.0 204.0 34.0336 214.0 1.0 0.0 0.0
1.0 29.0 209.0]/13[6430.0 12.0 4.0 24.0 232.0 34.0336 242.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 29.0 237.0]/14[6436.0 13.0 4.0 24.0 260.0
34.0336 270.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 29.0 265.0]/15[6442.0 14.0 4.0 24.0 288.0 34.0336 298.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 29.0
293.0]/16[6449.0 15.0 4.0 -263.0 -6.0 -252.966 4.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -258.0 -1.0]/17[6455.0 16.0 4.0 -263.0 22.0 -252.966
32.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -258.0 27.0]/18[6461.0 17.0 4.0 -263.0 64.0 -252.966 74.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -258.0 69.0]/19[6467.0
18.0 4.0 -263.0 92.0 -252.966 102.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -258.0 97.0]/2[6371.0 1.0 4.0 -316.0 -179.0 315.4 -177.0 1.0 0.0
0.0 1.0 -306.6 2.0]/20[6473.0 19.0 4.0 -263.0 134.0 -252.966 144.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -258.0 139.0]/21[6479.0 20.0 4.0
-263.0 162.0 -252.966 172.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -258.0 167.0]/22[6485.0 21.0 4.0 -263.0 190.0 -252.966 200.0 1.0 0.0 0.0
1.0 -258.0 195.0]/23[6492.0 22.0 4.0 -263.0 218.0 -252.966 228.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -258.0 223.0]/24[6498.0 23.0 4.0
-263.0 246.0 -252.966 256.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -258.0 251.0]/25[6504.0 24.0 4.0 -263.0 274.0 -252.966 284.0 1.0 0.0 0.0
1.0 -258.0 279.0]/26[6510.0 25.0 4.0 -263.0 -48.0 -252.966 -38.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -258.0 -43.0]/27[6516.0 26.0 4.0
19.3333 -10.0 37.3333 3.75 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 28.3333 3.75]/28[6518.0 27.0 4.0 -210.8 -150.0 -82.0 -136.25 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0
-146.4 -136.25]/29[6521.0 28.0 4.0 -172.4 -122.0 -82.0 -107.75 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -127.2 -107.75]/3[6372.0 2.0 4.0 -270.0
-220.0 144.667 -206.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -62.6667 -206.0]/30[6523.0 29.0 4.0 126.667 -10.0 144.667 3.75 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0
135.667 3.75]/31[6526.0 30.0 4.0 126.667 46.0 144.667 59.75 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 135.667 59.75]/32[6528.0 31.0 4.0 19.3333
46.0 37.3333 59.75 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 28.3333 59.75]/33[6531.0 32.0 2.0 -270.0 -156.398 -218.773 -136.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0
-195.0 -81.3984]/34[6554.0 33.0 2.0 -270.0 -129.024 -181.021 -108.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -195.0 -54.0236]/35[6577.0 34.0 2.0
-270.0 -95.2518 -185.809 -80.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -195.0 -20.2518]/36[6600.0 35.0 2.0 -270.0 -25.2518 -166.715 -10.0 1.0
0.0 0.0 1.0 -195.0 49.7482]/37[6623.0 36.0 2.0 -244.0 -81.2518 -226.21 -66.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -169.0 -6.2518]/38[6646.0
37.0 2.0 -244.0 -11.2518 -226.21 4.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -169.0 63.7482]/39[6669.0 38.0 2.0 -244.0 -52.7826 -200.124 -38.0
1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -169.0 22.2174]/4[6374.0 3.0 4.0 -263.0 -76.0 -252.966 -66.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -258.0 -71.0]/40[6692.0
39.0 2.0 -244.0 17.2174 -229.575 32.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -169.0 92.2174]/41[6715.0 40.0 2.0 -270.0 46.0 -194.961 60.7826
1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -195.0 121.0]/42[6739.0 41.0 2.0 -244.0 60.0 -198.177 74.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -169.0 135.0]/43[6762.0 42.0
2.0 -244.092 88.0 -143.695 102.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -169.092 163.0]/44[6785.0 43.0 2.0 -270.0 115.217 -189.682 130.0 1.0
0.0 0.0 1.0 -195.0 190.217]/45[6808.0 44.0 2.0 -244.092 133.888 -140.835 144.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -169.092
208.888]/46[6831.0 45.0 2.0 -244.092 160.5 -160.768 172.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -169.092 235.5]/47[6854.0 46.0 2.0 -244.092
186.0 -139.411 200.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -169.092 261.0]/48[6877.0 47.0 2.0 -244.092 214.5 -166.088 228.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0
-169.092 289.5]/49[6900.0 48.0 2.0 -244.092 242.25 -205.96 256.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -169.092 317.25]/5[6380.0 4.0 4.0
-9.33333 -132.0 0.700272 -122.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -4.33333 -127.0]/50[6924.0 49.0 2.0 -244.092 269.25 -205.343 284.0 1.0
0.0 0.0 1.0 -169.092 344.25]/51[6947.0 50.0 2.0 -19.3333 -152.364 84.4986 -136.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 55.6667
-77.3636]/52[6970.0 51.0 2.0 10.105 -141.0 27.895 -122.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 85.105 -66.0]/53[6993.0 52.0 2.0 10.105 -106.0
24.5303 -94.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 85.105 -31.0]/54[7016.0 53.0 2.0 10.105 -80.0 123.168 -66.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 85.105
-5.0]/55[7039.0 54.0 2.0 -19.3333 -52.0 86.1823 -38.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 55.6667 23.0]/56[7062.0 55.0 2.0 -19.3333 -38.0
96.3039 -24.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 55.6667 37.0]/57[7085.0 56.0 2.0 -19.3333 18.0 86.6003 32.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 55.6667
93.0]/58[7108.0 57.0 2.0 -19.3333 74.0 77.6399 88.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 55.6667 149.0]/59[7131.0 58.0 2.0 46.5763 -4.38235
92.0 4.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 121.576 70.6176]/6[6386.0 5.0 4.0 -9.33333 -104.0 0.700272 -94.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -4.33333
-99.0]/60[7154.0 59.0 2.0 46.5763 51.6176 92.0 60.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 121.576 126.618]/61[7177.0 60.0 2.0 46.5763 93.6176
111.563 102.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 121.576 168.618]/62[7200.0 61.0 2.0 46.5763 121.618 80.029 130.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 121.576
196.618]/63[7223.0 62.0 2.0 46.5763 149.618 79.8752 158.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 121.576 224.618]/64[7247.0 63.0 2.0 46.5763
177.618 180.739 186.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 121.576 252.618]/65[7270.0 64.0 2.0 46.5763 205.618 92.8977 214.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0
121.576 280.618]/66[7294.0 65.0 2.0 46.5763 233.618 122.127 242.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 121.576 308.618]/67[7317.0 66.0 2.0
46.5763 261.618 70.1081 270.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 121.576 336.618]/68[7340.0 67.0 2.0 46.5763 289.618 76.7025 298.0 1.0 0.0
0.0 1.0 121.576 364.618]/69[7363.0 68.0 2.0 155.124 -10.0 199.0 4.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 230.124 65.0]/7[6392.0 6.0 4.0
-9.33333 -76.0 0.700272 -66.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -4.33333 -71.0]/70[7386.0 69.0 2.0 155.124 46.0 199.0 60.0 1.0 0.0 0.0
1.0 230.124 121.0]/71[7464.0 70.0 4.0 -271.0 -207.0 -269.0 -205.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 -3960.0]/72[7465.0 71.0 4.0
-270.0 -206.25 144.667 -205.75 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 -990.0]/73[7468.0 72.0 4.0 -210.8 -136.5 -82.0 -136.0 1.0 0.0 0.0
1.0 -178.4 -1078.25]/74[7473.0 73.0 4.0 -172.4 -108.0 -82.0 -107.5 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -178.4 -1049.75]/75[7478.0 74.0 4.0
19.3333 3.5 37.3333 4.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 51.7333 -938.25]/76[7483.0 75.0 4.0 126.667 3.5 144.667 4.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0
159.067 -938.25]/77[7487.0 76.0 4.0 19.3333 59.5 37.3333 60.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 51.7333 -882.25]/78[7492.0 77.0 4.0
126.667 59.5 144.667 60.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 159.067 -882.25]/8[6398.0 7.0 4.0 24.0 92.0 34.0336 102.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0
29.0 97.0]/9[6405.0 8.0 4.0 24.0 120.0 34.0336 130.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 29.0 125.0]>>/PageTransformationMatrixList<</0[1.0
0.0 0.0 1.0 -306.0 -396.0]>>/PageUIDList<</0 6347>>/PageWidthList<</0 612.0>>>>>>/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 966 0 R/GS1 967 0 R>>/Font<</T1_0 963 0 R/T1_1 964 0 R>>/ProcSet[/PDF/Text]/XObject<</Fm0 75 0
R>>>>/Rotate 0/StructParents 94/Tabs/S/Thumb 490 0 R/TrimBox[0.0 0.0 612.0 792.0]/Type/Page>> endobj 14 0 obj [471 0 R
469 0 R 466 0 R 463 0 R 460 0 R 457 0 R 454 0 R 451 0 R 448 0 R 445 0 R 442 0 R 439 0 R 436 0 R 433 0 R 430 0 R 427 0 R
424 0 R 421 0 R 418 0 R 415 0 R 412 0 R 409 0 R 406 0 R 403 0 R 400 0 R 398 0 R 396 0 R 394 0 R 392 0 R 390 0 R] endobj
R/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 17 0 obj <</Filter[/ASCII85Decode/FlateDecode]/Length 428>>stream
8;X]O>EqN@%''O_@%e@?J;%+8(9e>X=MR6S?i^YgA3=].HDXF.R$lIL@"pJ+EP(%0
b]6ajmNZn*!='OQZeQ^Y*,=]?C.B+\Ulg9dhD*"iC[;*=3`oP1[!S^)?1)IZ4dup`
E1r!/,*0[*9.aFIR2&b-C#s<Xl5FH@[<=!#6V)uDBXnIr.F>oRZ7Dl%MLY\.?d>Mn
6%Q2oYfNRF$$+ON<+]RUJmC0I<jlL.oXisZ;SYU[/7#<&37rclQKqeJe#,UF7Rgb1
VNWFKf>nDZ4OTs0S!saG>GGKUlQ*Q?45:CI&4J'_2j<etJICj7e7nPMb=O6S7UOH<
PO7r\I.Hu&e0d&E<.')fERr/l+*W,)q^D*ai5<uuLX.7g/>$XKrcYp0n+Xl_nU*O( l[$6Nn+Z_Nq0]s7hs]`XX1nZ8&94a\~> endstream endobj 18
0 obj [/Indexed/DeviceRGB 255 17 0 R] endobj 19 0 obj <</AP<</N<</Off 110 0 R/Yes 112 0 R>>>>/AS/Off/BS<</S/S/W 1>>/F
4/FT/Btn/Ff 0/H/P/MK 53 0 R/P 1 0 R/Rect[43.0 168.0 53.0336 178.0]/StructParent 14/Subtype/Widget/T(College #1 tests
never required)/TU(College #1 tests never required)/Type/Annot/V/Off>> endobj 20 0 obj <</BBox[0.0 13.75 18.0
0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 22/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<<>>/Subtype/Form>>stream
0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 966 0 R/GS1 967 0
4/FT/Btn/Ff 0/H/P/MK 46 0 R/P 1 0 R/Rect[330.0 294.0 340.034 304.0]/StructParent 24/Subtype/Widget/T(College #1 arts
teacher accepted)/TU(College #1 arts teacher accepted)/Type/Annot/V/Off>> endobj 23 0 obj <</Filter/FlateDecode/Length
obj <</BaseFont/ZGETZY+NeutrifStudio-Regular/Encoding/WinAnsiEncoding/FirstChar 32/FontDescriptor 970 0 R/LastChar
169/Subtype/Type1/ToUnicode 23 0 R/Type/Font/Widths[256 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 244 0 238 0 641 0 549 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
0 0 0 0 684 0 757 0 0 0 0 0 253 0 0 0 0 0 0 636 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 521 0 577 0 576 415 577 0 0 0 0 0 805
544 607 577 0 352 0 417 0 0 0 0 519 0 0 251 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
0 0 0 0 0 0 824]>> endobj 25 0 obj <</AP<</N<</Off 59 0 R/Yes 78 0 R>>>>/AS/Off/BS<</S/S/W 1>>/F 4/FT/Btn/Ff 0/H/P/MK
52 0 R/P 1 0 R/Rect[43.0 434.0 53.0336 444.0]/StructParent 6/Subtype/Widget/T(College #1 essay optional)/TU(College #1
essay optional)/Type/Annot/V/Off>> endobj 26 0 obj <</BBox[0.0 10.0 10.0336 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length
299/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 966 0 R/GS1 967 0
299/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 966 0 R/GS1 967 0
<</BBox[0.0 10.0 10.0336 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 299/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 74/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
R/P 1 0 R/Rect[296.667 490.0 306.7 500.0]/StructParent 18/Subtype/Widget/T(College #1 writing questions not
required)/TU(College #1 writing questions not required)/Type/Annot/V/Off>> endobj 33 0 obj <</BC[]/BG[]>> endobj 34 0
obj <</AP<</N<</Off 79 0 R/Yes 27 0 R>>>>/AS/Off/BS<</S/S/W 1>>/F 4/FT/Btn/Ff 0/H/P/MK 50 0 R/P 1 0 R/Rect[330.0 182.0
340.034 192.0]/StructParent 28/Subtype/Widget/T(College #1 employer accepted)/TU(College #1 employer
accepted)/Type/Annot/V/Off>> endobj 35 0 obj <</BC[0.0431061 0.427505 0.741196]/BG[]>> endobj 36 0 obj <</BC[0.0431061
0.427505 0.741196]/BG[]>> endobj 37 0 obj <</BC[0.0431061 0.427505 0.741196]/BG[]>> endobj 38 0 obj <</AP<</N<</Off 80
0 R/Yes 117 0 R>>>>/AS/Off/BS<</S/S/W 1>>/F 4/FT/Btn/Ff 0/H/P/MK 58 0 R/P 1 0 R/Rect[43.0 392.0 53.0336
402.0]/StructParent 7/Subtype/Widget/T(College #1 courses & grades required)/TU(College #1 courses & grades
required)/Type/Annot/V/Off>> endobj 39 0 obj <</BC[]/BG[]>> endobj 40 0 obj <</BC[0.0431061 0.427505 0.741196]/BG[]>>
endobj 41 0 obj <</BC[0.0431061 0.427505 0.741196]/BG[]>> endobj 42 0 obj <</BC[0.0431061 0.427505 0.741196]/BG[]>>
endobj 43 0 obj <</BC[0.0431061 0.427505 0.741196]/BG[]>> endobj 44 0 obj <</BC[0.0431061 0.427505 0.741196]/BG[]>>
endobj 45 0 obj <</BC[]/BG[]>> endobj 46 0 obj <</BC[0.0431061 0.427505 0.741196]/BG[]>> endobj 47 0 obj
<</BC[0.0431061 0.427505 0.741196]/BG[]>> endobj 48 0 obj <</BC[0.0431061 0.427505 0.741196]/BG[]>> endobj 49 0 obj
<</BC[0.0431061 0.427505 0.741196]/BG[]>> endobj 50 0 obj <</BC[0.0431061 0.427505 0.741196]/BG[]>> endobj 51 0 obj
<</BC[0.0431061 0.427505 0.741196]/BG[]>> endobj 52 0 obj <</BC[0.0431061 0.427505 0.741196]/BG[]>> endobj 53 0 obj
<</BC[0.0431061 0.427505 0.741196]/BG[]>> endobj 54 0 obj <</BC[0.0431061 0.427505 0.741196]/BG[]>> endobj 55 0 obj
<</BC[0.0431061 0.427505 0.741196]/BG[]>> endobj 56 0 obj <</BC[0.0431061 0.427505 0.741196]/BG[]>> endobj 57 0 obj
<</BC[0.0431061 0.427505 0.741196]/BG[]>> endobj 58 0 obj <</BC[0.0431061 0.427505 0.741196]/BG[]>> endobj 59 0 obj
<</BBox[0.0 10.0 10.0336 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 74/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0
10.0 10.0336 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 74/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 22/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<<>>/Subtype/Form>>stream
4/FT/Btn/Ff 0/H/P/MK 60 0 R/P 1 0 R/Rect[330.0 98.0 340.034 108.0]/StructParent 31/Subtype/Widget/T(College #1 other
accepted)/TU(College #1 other accepted)/Type/Annot/V/Off>> endobj 67 0 obj <</BBox[0.0 10.0 10.0336
0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 299/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 299/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 299/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
R>>>>/AS/Off/BS<</S/S/W 1>>/F 4/FT/Btn/Ff 0/H/P/MK 42 0 R/P 1 0 R/Rect[330.0 126.0 340.034 136.0]/StructParent
30/Subtype/Widget/T(College #1 peer accepted)/TU(College #1 peer accepted)/Type/Annot/V/Off>> endobj 71 0 obj
<</BBox[0.0 10.0 10.0336 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 74/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0
0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 966 0 R>>>>/Subtype/Form>>stream
R/Yes 69 0 R>>>>/AS/Off/BS<</S/S/W 1>>/F 4/FT/Btn/Ff 0/H/P/MK 43 0 R/P 1 0 R/Rect[330.0 154.0 340.034
164.0]/StructParent 29/Subtype/Widget/T(College #1 family member accepted)/TU(College #1 family member
accepted)/Type/Annot/V/Off>> endobj 74 0 obj <</BBox[0.0 10.0 10.0336 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 74/Matrix[1.0 0.0
0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 966 0 R>>>>/Subtype/Form>>stream
612.0 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 359/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R/CS1 985 0
R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 966 0 R/GS1 967 0 R>>/Font<</T1_0 24 0 R>>/Pattern<</P0 989 0
<</BC[]/BG[]>> endobj 77 0 obj <</BBox[0.0 10.0 10.0336 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 74/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 966 0 R>>>>/Subtype/Form>>stream
10.0336 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 299/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 74/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 966 0 R>>>>/Subtype/Form>>stream
10.0336 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 299/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
R>>>>/AS/Off/BS<</S/S/W 1>>/F 4/FT/Btn/Ff 0/H/P/MK 49 0 R/P 1 0 R/Rect[43.0 252.0 53.0336 262.0]/StructParent
11/Subtype/Widget/T(College #1 SAT/ACT tests used)/TU(College #1 SAT/ACT tests used)/Type/Annot/V/Off>> endobj 83 0 obj
<</BBox[0.0 10.0 10.0336 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 74/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0
0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 966 0 R/GS1 967 0
<</BBox[0.0 10.0 10.0336 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 299/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 299/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
R>>>>/AS/Off/BS<</S/S/W 1>>/F 4/FT/Btn/Ff 0/H/P/MK 36 0 R/P 1 0 R/Rect[43.0 294.0 53.0336 304.0]/StructParent
10/Subtype/Widget/T(College #1 writing supplement required)/TU(College #1 writing supplement
required)/Type/Annot/V/Off>> endobj 89 0 obj <</BBox[0.0 10.0 10.0336 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 74/Matrix[1.0 0.0
0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 966 0 R>>>>/Subtype/Form>>stream
10.0336 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 74/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
0 R/P 1 0 R/Rect[296.667 462.0 306.7 472.0]/StructParent 19/Subtype/Widget/T(College #1 writing questions additional
information)/TU(College #1 writing questions additional information)/Type/Annot/V/Off>> endobj 92 0 obj <</BBox[0.0
10.0 10.0336 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 74/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 966 0 R>>>>/Subtype/Form>>stream
10.0336 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 299/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 22/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<<>>/Subtype/Form>>stream
4/FT/Btn/Ff 0/H/P/MK 48 0 R/P 1 0 R/Rect[43.0 196.0 53.0336 206.0]/StructParent 13/Subtype/Widget/T(College #1 tests
sometimes required)/TU(College #1 tests sometimes required)/Type/Annot/V/Off>> endobj 97 0 obj <</BBox[0.0 10.0 10.0336
0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 299/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
R>>>>/AS/Off/BS<</S/S/W 1>>/F 4/FT/Btn/Ff 0/H/P/MK 57 0 R/P 1 0 R/Rect[43.0 224.0 53.0336 234.0]/StructParent
12/Subtype/Widget/T(College #1 tests always required)/TU(College #1 tests always required)/Type/Annot/V/Off>> endobj 99
0 obj <</BBox[0.0 10.0 10.0336 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 299/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 74/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 966 0 R>>>>/Subtype/Form>>stream
10.0336 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 299/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
R>>>>/AS/Off/BS<</S/S/W 1>>/F 4/FT/Btn/Ff 0/H/P/MK 51 0 R/P 1 0 R/Rect[330.0 210.0 340.034 220.0]/StructParent
27/Subtype/Widget/T(College #1 college access counselor accepted)/TU(College #1 college access counselor
accepted)/Type/Annot/V/Off>> endobj 104 0 obj <</AP<</N<</Off 61 0 R/Yes 125 0 R>>>>/AS/Off/BS<</S/S/W 1>>/F
4/FT/Btn/Ff 0/H/P/MK 44 0 R/P 1 0 R/Rect[43.0 112.0 53.0336 122.0]/StructParent 16/Subtype/Widget/T(College #1 tests
ignored)/TU(College #1 tests ignored)/Type/Annot/V/Off>> endobj 105 0 obj <</BBox[0.0 10.0 10.0336
0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 299/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 74/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
64 0 R/P 1 0 R/Q 0/Rect[432.667 336.25 450.667 350.0]/StructParent 23/Subtype/Widget/T(College #1 other reccomendation
number optional)/TU(College #1 other reccomendation number optional)/Type/Annot>> endobj 108 0 obj <</AP<</N<</Off 77 0
R/Yes 102 0 R>>>>/AS/Off/BS<</S/S/W 1>>/F 4/FT/Btn/Ff 0/H/P/MK 40 0 R/P 1 0 R/Rect[43.0 140.0 53.0336
150.0]/StructParent 15/Subtype/Widget/T(College #1 tests flexible)/TU(College #1 tests flexible)/Type/Annot/V/Off>>
endobj 109 0 obj <</AP<</N<</Off 111 0 R/Yes 115 0 R>>>>/AS/Off/BS<</S/S/W 1>>/F 4/FT/Btn/Ff 0/H/P/MK 55 0 R/P 1 0
R/Rect[330.0 266.0 340.034 276.0]/StructParent 25/Subtype/Widget/T(College #1 clergy accepted)/TU(College #1 clergy
accepted)/Type/Annot/V/Off>> endobj 110 0 obj <</BBox[0.0 10.0 10.0336 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 74/Matrix[1.0 0.0
0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 966 0 R>>>>/Subtype/Form>>stream
10.0336 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 74/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
R>>>>/AS/Off/BS<</S/S/W 1>>/F 4/FT/Btn/Ff 0/H/P/MK 37 0 R/P 1 0 R/Rect[330.0 238.0 340.034 248.0]/StructParent
26/Subtype/Widget/T(College #1 coach accepted)/TU(College #1 coach accepted)/Type/Annot/V/Off>> endobj 114 0 obj
<</BBox[0.0 10.0 10.0336 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 299/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 299/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
0.741196]/BG[]>> endobj 117 0 obj <</BBox[0.0 10.0 10.0336 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 299/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0
1>>/DA(/MinionPro-Regular 12 Tf 0 g)/F 4/FT/Tx/Ff 0/MK 33 0 R/P 1 0 R/Q 0/Rect[325.333 336.25 343.333
350.0]/StructParent 22/Subtype/Widget/T(College #1 other reccomendation number required)/TU(College #1 other
reccomendation number required)/Type/Annot>> endobj 119 0 obj <</BBox[0.0 10.0 10.0336 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length
74/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 966 0
0 obj <</BBox[0.0 10.0 10.0336 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 74/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 966 0 R>>>>/Subtype/Form>>stream
10.0336 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 299/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
1>>/DA(/MinionPro-Regular 12 Tf 0 g)/F 4/FT/Tx/Ff 0/MK 39 0 R/P 1 0 R/Q 0/Rect[432.667 392.25 450.667
406.0]/StructParent 21/Subtype/Widget/T(College #1 teacher reccomendation number optional)/TU(College #1 teacher
reccomendation number optional)/Type/Annot>> endobj 123 0 obj <</AP<</N<</Off 119 0 R/Yes 84 0 R>>>>/AS/Off/BS<</S/S/W
1>>/F 4/FT/Btn/Ff 0/H/P/MK 47 0 R/P 1 0 R/Rect[43.0 322.0 53.0336 332.0]/StructParent 9/Subtype/Widget/T(College #1
portfolio required)/TU(College #1 portfolio required)/Type/Annot/V/Off>> endobj 124 0 obj <</AP<</N 127 0
R>>/BS<</S/S/W 1>>/DA(/MinionPro-Regular 12 Tf 0 g)/F 4/FT/Tx/Ff 0/MK 76 0 R/P 1 0 R/Q 0/Rect[36.0 602.0 450.667
616.0]/StructParent 2/Subtype/Widget/T(College #1 name)/TU(College #1 name)/Type/Annot>> endobj 125 0 obj <</BBox[0.0
10.0 10.0336 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 299/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
R>>>>/AS/Off/BS<</S/S/W 1>>/F 4/FT/Btn/Ff 0/H/P/MK 116 0 R/P 1 0 R/Rect[43.0 364.0 53.0336 374.0]/StructParent
8/Subtype/Widget/T(College #1 courses & grades not required)/TU(College #1 courses & grades not
required)/Type/Annot/V/Off>> endobj 127 0 obj <</BBox[0.0 14.0 414.667 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 22/Matrix[1.0 0.0
R>>/BS<</S/S/W 1>>/DA(/MinionPro-Regular 12 Tf 0 g)/F 4/FT/Tx/Ff 0/MK 45 0 R/P 1 0 R/Q 0/Rect[325.333 392.25 343.333
406.0]/StructParent 20/Subtype/Widget/T(College #1 teacher reccomendation number required)/TU(College #1 teacher
reccomendation number required)/Type/Annot>> endobj 129 0 obj <</BBox[0.0 10.0 10.0336 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length
74/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 966 0
0 obj <</AP<</N<</Off 31 0 R/Yes 30 0 R>>>>/AS/Off/BS<</S/S/W 1>>/F 4/FT/Btn/Ff 0/H/P/MK 35 0 R/P 1 0 R/Rect[43.0 462.0
53.0336 472.0]/StructParent 5/Subtype/Widget/T(College #1 essay required)/TU(College #1 essay
required)/Type/Annot/V/Off>> endobj 131 0 obj <</BBox[0.0 13.75 18.0 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 22/Matrix[1.0 0.0
128.8 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 22/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<<>>/Subtype/Form>>stream
0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 966 0 R>>>>/Subtype/Form>>stream
R>>/BS<</S/S/W 1>>/DA(/MinionPro-Regular 12 Tf 0 g)/F 4/FT/Tx/Ff 0/MK 29 0 R/P 1 0 R/Q 0/Rect[133.6 503.75 224.0
518.0]/StructParent 4/Subtype/Widget/T(College #1 application fee)/TU(College #1 application fee)/Type/Annot>> endobj
135 0 obj <</AP<</N<</Off 89 0 R/Yes 26 0 R>>>>/AS/Off/BS<</S/S/W 1>>/F 4/FT/Btn/Ff 0/H/P/MK 54 0 R/P 1 0
R/Rect[296.667 518.0 306.7 528.0]/StructParent 17/Subtype/Widget/T(College #1 writing questions required)/TU(College #1
writing questions required)/Type/Annot/V/Off>> endobj 136 0 obj <</AP<</N 132 0 R>>/BS<</S/S/W
1>>/DA(/MinionPro-Regular 12 Tf 0 g)/F 4/FT/Tx/Ff 0/MK 28 0 R/P 1 0 R/Q 0/Rect[95.2 532.25 224.0 546.0]/StructParent
3/Subtype/Widget/T(College #1 deadline)/TU(College #1 deadline)/Type/Annot>> endobj 137 0 obj <</BC[]/BG[]>> endobj 138
0 obj <</BC[]/BG[]>> endobj 139 0 obj <</BC[]/BG[]>> endobj 140 0 obj <</BC[]/BG[]>> endobj 141 0 obj <</BC[]/BG[]>>
endobj 142 0 obj <</BC[]/BG[]>> endobj 143 0 obj <</BC[0.0431061 0.427505 0.741196]/BG[]>> endobj 144 0 obj
<</BC[0.0431061 0.427505 0.741196]/BG[]>> endobj 145 0 obj <</BC[0.0431061 0.427505 0.741196]/BG[]>> endobj 146 0 obj
<</BC[0.0431061 0.427505 0.741196]/BG[]>> endobj 147 0 obj <</BC[0.0431061 0.427505 0.741196]/BG[]>> endobj 148 0 obj
<</BC[0.0431061 0.427505 0.741196]/BG[]>> endobj 149 0 obj <</BC[0.0431061 0.427505 0.741196]/BG[]>> endobj 150 0 obj
<</BC[0.0431061 0.427505 0.741196]/BG[]>> endobj 151 0 obj <</BC[0.0431061 0.427505 0.741196]/BG[]>> endobj 152 0 obj
<</BC[0.0431061 0.427505 0.741196]/BG[]>> endobj 153 0 obj <</BC[0.0431061 0.427505 0.741196]/BG[]>> endobj 154 0 obj
<</BC[0.0431061 0.427505 0.741196]/BG[]>> endobj 155 0 obj <</BC[0.0431061 0.427505 0.741196]/BG[]>> endobj 156 0 obj
<</BC[0.0431061 0.427505 0.741196]/BG[]>> endobj 157 0 obj <</BC[0.0431061 0.427505 0.741196]/BG[]>> endobj 158 0 obj
<</BC[0.0431061 0.427505 0.741196]/BG[]>> endobj 159 0 obj <</BC[0.0431061 0.427505 0.741196]/BG[]>> endobj 160 0 obj
<</BC[0.0431061 0.427505 0.741196]/BG[]>> endobj 161 0 obj <</AP<</N<</Off 167 0 R/Yes 238 0 R>>>>/AS/Off/BS<</S/S/W
1>>/F 4/FT/Btn/Ff 0/H/P/MK 211 0 R/P 5 0 R/Rect[43.0 462.0 53.0336 472.0]/StructParent 36/Subtype/Widget/T(College #2
essay required)/TU(College #2 essay required)/Type/Annot/V/Off>> endobj 162 0 obj <</BBox[0.0 10.0 10.0336
0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 299/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 74/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
217 0 R/P 5 0 R/Rect[330.0 294.0 340.034 304.0]/StructParent 55/Subtype/Widget/T(College #2 arts teacher
accepted)/TU(College #2 arts teacher accepted)/Type/Annot/V/Off>> endobj 165 0 obj <</BBox[0.0 10.0 10.0336
0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 74/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
229 0 R/P 5 0 R/Rect[296.667 462.0 306.7 472.0]/StructParent 50/Subtype/Widget/T(College #2 writing questions
additional information)/TU(College #2 writing questions additional information)/Type/Annot/V/Off>> endobj 167 0 obj
<</BBox[0.0 10.0 10.0336 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 74/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0
0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 966 0 R>>>>/Subtype/Form>>stream
10.0336 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 74/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 299/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 74/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
R>>>>/AS/Off/BS<</S/S/W 1>>/F 4/FT/Btn/Ff 0/H/P/MK 151 0 R/P 5 0 R/Rect[43.0 322.0 53.0336 332.0]/StructParent
40/Subtype/Widget/T(College #2 portfolio required)/TU(College #2 portfolio required)/Type/Annot/V/Off>> endobj 175 0
obj <</BBox[0.0 10.0 10.0336 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 74/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 966 0 R>>>>/Subtype/Form>>stream
10.0336 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 74/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
R>>>>/AS/Off/BS<</S/S/W 1>>/F 4/FT/Btn/Ff 0/H/P/MK 210 0 R/P 5 0 R/Rect[296.667 490.0 306.7 500.0]/StructParent
49/Subtype/Widget/T(College #2 writing questions not required)/TU(College #2 writing questions not
required)/Type/Annot/V/Off>> endobj 179 0 obj <</AP<</N<</Off 188 0 R/Yes 187 0 R>>>>/AS/Off/BS<</S/S/W 1>>/F
4/FT/Btn/Ff 0/H/P/MK 159 0 R/P 5 0 R/Rect[330.0 238.0 340.034 248.0]/StructParent 57/Subtype/Widget/T(College #2 coach
accepted)/TU(College #2 coach accepted)/Type/Annot/V/Off>> endobj 180 0 obj <</BBox[0.0 10.0 10.0336
0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 74/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 74/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 299/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 74/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
158 0 R/P 5 0 R/Rect[330.0 210.0 340.034 220.0]/StructParent 58/Subtype/Widget/T(College #2 college access counselor
accepted)/TU(College #2 college access counselor accepted)/Type/Annot/V/Off>> endobj 187 0 obj <</BBox[0.0 10.0 10.0336
0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 299/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 74/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
145 0 R/P 5 0 R/Rect[43.0 140.0 53.0336 150.0]/StructParent 46/Subtype/Widget/T(College #2 tests flexible)/TU(College
#2 tests flexible)/Type/Annot/V/Off>> endobj 190 0 obj <</AP<</N<</Off 169 0 R/Yes 246 0 R>>>>/AS/Off/BS<</S/S/W 1>>/F
4/FT/Btn/Ff 0/H/P/MK 148 0 R/P 5 0 R/Rect[43.0 224.0 53.0336 234.0]/StructParent 43/Subtype/Widget/T(College #2 tests
always required)/TU(College #2 tests always required)/Type/Annot/V/Off>> endobj 191 0 obj <</BBox[0.0 10.0 10.0336
0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 74/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
1>>/DA(/MinionPro-Regular 12 Tf 0 g)/F 4/FT/Tx/Ff 0/MK 212 0 R/P 5 0 R/Q 0/Rect[36.0 602.0 450.667 616.0]/StructParent
33/Subtype/Widget/T(College #2 name)/TU(College #2 name)/Type/Annot>> endobj 194 0 obj <</BBox[0.0 10.0 10.0336
0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 74/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 74/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 299/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
R>>>>/AS/Off/BS<</S/S/W 1>>/F 4/FT/Btn/Ff 0/H/P/MK 153 0 R/P 5 0 R/Rect[43.0 392.0 53.0336 402.0]/StructParent
38/Subtype/Widget/T(College #2 courses & grades required)/TU(College #2 courses & grades required)/Type/Annot/V/Off>>
endobj 200 0 obj <</AP<</N<</Off 207 0 R/Yes 197 0 R>>>>/AS/Off/BS<</S/S/W 1>>/F 4/FT/Btn/Ff 0/H/P/MK 154 0 R/P 5 0
R/Rect[330.0 98.0 340.034 108.0]/StructParent 62/Subtype/Widget/T(College #2 other accepted)/TU(College #2 other
accepted)/Type/Annot/V/Off>> endobj 201 0 obj <</BBox[0.0 10.0 10.0336 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 299/Matrix[1.0
0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 966 0 R/GS1 967 0
4/FT/Btn/Ff 0/H/P/MK 156 0 R/P 5 0 R/Rect[330.0 154.0 340.034 164.0]/StructParent 60/Subtype/Widget/T(College #2 family
member accepted)/TU(College #2 family member accepted)/Type/Annot/V/Off>> endobj 203 0 obj <</BBox[0.0 10.0 10.0336
0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 299/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
R>>>>/AS/Off/BS<</S/S/W 1>>/F 4/FT/Btn/Ff 0/H/P/MK 152 0 R/P 5 0 R/Rect[43.0 364.0 53.0336 374.0]/StructParent
39/Subtype/Widget/T(College #2 courses & grades not required)/TU(College #2 courses & grades not
required)/Type/Annot/V/Off>> endobj 205 0 obj <</BBox[0.0 10.0 10.0336 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 299/Matrix[1.0
0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 966 0 R/GS1 967 0
74/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 966 0
0 obj <</BBox[0.0 10.0 10.0336 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 74/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 966 0 R>>>>/Subtype/Form>>stream
10.0336 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 74/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
0.741196]/BG[]>> endobj 211 0 obj <</BC[0.0431061 0.427505 0.741196]/BG[]>> endobj 212 0 obj <</BC[]/BG[]>> endobj 213
0 obj <</AP<</N 228 0 R>>/BS<</S/S/W 1>>/DA(/MinionPro-Regular 12 Tf 0 g)/F 4/FT/Tx/Ff 0/MK 137 0 R/P 5 0 R/Q
0/Rect[325.333 336.25 343.333 350.0]/StructParent 53/Subtype/Widget/T(College #2 other reccomendation number
required)/TU(College #2 other reccomendation number required)/Type/Annot>> endobj 214 0 obj <</BBox[0.0 13.75 18.0
0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 22/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<<>>/Subtype/Form>>stream
0 R>>/BS<</S/S/W 1>>/DA(/MinionPro-Regular 12 Tf 0 g)/F 4/FT/Tx/Ff 0/MK 138 0 R/P 5 0 R/Q 0/Rect[432.667 336.25 450.667
350.0]/StructParent 54/Subtype/Widget/T(College #2 other reccomendation number optional)/TU(College #2 other
reccomendation number optional)/Type/Annot>> endobj 217 0 obj <</BC[0.0431061 0.427505 0.741196]/BG[]>> endobj 218 0
obj <</BBox[0.0 14.25 90.4 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 22/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
R>>/BS<</S/S/W 1>>/DA(/MinionPro-Regular 12 Tf 0 g)/F 4/FT/Tx/Ff 0/MK 140 0 R/P 5 0 R/Q 0/Rect[133.6 503.75 224.0
518.0]/StructParent 35/Subtype/Widget/T(College #2 application fee)/TU(College #2 application fee)/Type/Annot>> endobj
220 0 obj <</AP<</N 221 0 R>>/BS<</S/S/W 1>>/DA(/MinionPro-Regular 12 Tf 0 g)/F 4/FT/Tx/Ff 0/MK 141 0 R/P 5 0 R/Q
0/Rect[95.2 532.25 224.0 546.0]/StructParent 34/Subtype/Widget/T(College #2 deadline)/TU(College #2
deadline)/Type/Annot>> endobj 221 0 obj <</BBox[0.0 13.75 128.8 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 22/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0
18.0 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 22/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<<>>/Subtype/Form>>stream
299/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 966 0 R/GS1 967 0
g)/F 4/FT/Tx/Ff 0/MK 142 0 R/P 5 0 R/Q 0/Rect[325.333 392.25 343.333 406.0]/StructParent 51/Subtype/Widget/T(College #2
teacher reccomendation number required)/TU(College #2 teacher reccomendation number required)/Type/Annot>> endobj 225 0
obj <</BBox[0.0 10.0 10.0336 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 74/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 966 0 R>>>>/Subtype/Form>>stream
10.0336 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 299/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
R>>>>/AS/Off/BS<</S/S/W 1>>/F 4/FT/Btn/Ff 0/H/P/MK 143 0 R/P 5 0 R/Rect[43.0 434.0 53.0336 444.0]/StructParent
37/Subtype/Widget/T(College #2 essay optional)/TU(College #2 essay optional)/Type/Annot/V/Off>> endobj 228 0 obj
<</BBox[0.0 13.75 18.0 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 22/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
0.741196]/BG[]>> endobj 230 0 obj <</AP<</N 215 0 R>>/BS<</S/S/W 1>>/DA(/MinionPro-Regular 12 Tf 0 g)/F 4/FT/Tx/Ff 0/MK
139 0 R/P 5 0 R/Q 0/Rect[432.667 392.25 450.667 406.0]/StructParent 52/Subtype/Widget/T(College #2 teacher
reccomendation number optional)/TU(College #2 teacher reccomendation number optional)/Type/Annot>> endobj 231 0 obj
<</BBox[0.0 10.0 10.0336 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 74/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0
0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 966 0 R/GS1 967 0
4/FT/Btn/Ff 0/H/P/MK 157 0 R/P 5 0 R/Rect[330.0 182.0 340.034 192.0]/StructParent 59/Subtype/Widget/T(College #2
employer accepted)/TU(College #2 employer accepted)/Type/Annot/V/Off>> endobj 234 0 obj <</AP<</N<</Off 245 0 R/Yes 232
0 R>>>>/AS/Off/BS<</S/S/W 1>>/F 4/FT/Btn/Ff 0/H/P/MK 149 0 R/P 5 0 R/Rect[43.0 252.0 53.0336 262.0]/StructParent
42/Subtype/Widget/T(College #2 SAT/ACT tests used)/TU(College #2 SAT/ACT tests used)/Type/Annot/V/Off>> endobj 235 0
obj <</BBox[0.0 14.0 414.667 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 22/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
183 0 R>>>>/AS/Off/BS<</S/S/W 1>>/F 4/FT/Btn/Ff 0/H/P/MK 160 0 R/P 5 0 R/Rect[330.0 266.0 340.034 276.0]/StructParent
56/Subtype/Widget/T(College #2 clergy accepted)/TU(College #2 clergy accepted)/Type/Annot/V/Off>> endobj 237 0 obj
<</AP<</N<</Off 176 0 R/Yes 170 0 R>>>>/AS/Off/BS<</S/S/W 1>>/F 4/FT/Btn/Ff 0/H/P/MK 150 0 R/P 5 0 R/Rect[43.0 294.0
53.0336 304.0]/StructParent 41/Subtype/Widget/T(College #2 writing supplement required)/TU(College #2 writing
supplement required)/Type/Annot/V/Off>> endobj 238 0 obj <</BBox[0.0 10.0 10.0336 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length
299/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 966 0 R/GS1 967 0
4/FT/Btn/Ff 0/H/P/MK 209 0 R/P 5 0 R/Rect[296.667 518.0 306.7 528.0]/StructParent 48/Subtype/Widget/T(College #2
writing questions required)/TU(College #2 writing questions required)/Type/Annot/V/Off>> endobj 240 0 obj <</BBox[0.0
10.0 10.0336 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 299/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 74/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
144 0 R/P 5 0 R/Rect[43.0 112.0 53.0336 122.0]/StructParent 47/Subtype/Widget/T(College #2 tests ignored)/TU(College #2
tests ignored)/Type/Annot/V/Off>> endobj 243 0 obj <</BBox[0.0 10.0 10.0336 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length
299/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 966 0 R/GS1 967 0
4/FT/Btn/Ff 0/H/P/MK 147 0 R/P 5 0 R/Rect[43.0 196.0 53.0336 206.0]/StructParent 44/Subtype/Widget/T(College #2 tests
sometimes required)/TU(College #2 tests sometimes required)/Type/Annot/V/Off>> endobj 245 0 obj <</BBox[0.0 10.0
10.0336 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 74/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
R>>>>/AS/Off/BS<</S/S/W 1>>/F 4/FT/Btn/Ff 0/H/P/MK 155 0 R/P 5 0 R/Rect[330.0 126.0 340.034 136.0]/StructParent
61/Subtype/Widget/T(College #2 peer accepted)/TU(College #2 peer accepted)/Type/Annot/V/Off>> endobj 248 0 obj
<</AP<</N<</Off 182 0 R/Yes 240 0 R>>>>/AS/Off/BS<</S/S/W 1>>/F 4/FT/Btn/Ff 0/H/P/MK 146 0 R/P 5 0 R/Rect[43.0 168.0
53.0336 178.0]/StructParent 45/Subtype/Widget/T(College #2 tests never required)/TU(College #2 tests never
required)/Type/Annot/V/Off>> endobj 249 0 obj <</BBox[0.0 10.0 10.0336 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 74/Matrix[1.0 0.0
0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 966 0 R>>>>/Subtype/Form>>stream
0.427505 0.741196]/BG[]>> endobj 251 0 obj <</BC[0.0431061 0.427505 0.741196]/BG[]>> endobj 252 0 obj <</BC[0.0431061
0.427505 0.741196]/BG[]>> endobj 253 0 obj <</BC[0.0431061 0.427505 0.741196]/BG[]>> endobj 254 0 obj <</BC[0.0431061
0.427505 0.741196]/BG[]>> endobj 255 0 obj <</BC[0.0431061 0.427505 0.741196]/BG[]>> endobj 256 0 obj <</BC[0.0431061
0.427505 0.741196]/BG[]>> endobj 257 0 obj <</BC[0.0431061 0.427505 0.741196]/BG[]>> endobj 258 0 obj <</BC[0.0431061
0.427505 0.741196]/BG[]>> endobj 259 0 obj <</BC[0.0431061 0.427505 0.741196]/BG[]>> endobj 260 0 obj <</BC[0.0431061
0.427505 0.741196]/BG[]>> endobj 261 0 obj <</BC[0.0431061 0.427505 0.741196]/BG[]>> endobj 262 0 obj <</BC[0.0431061
0.427505 0.741196]/BG[]>> endobj 263 0 obj <</BC[0.0431061 0.427505 0.741196]/BG[]>> endobj 264 0 obj <</BC[0.0431061
0.427505 0.741196]/BG[]>> endobj 265 0 obj <</BC[]/BG[]>> endobj 266 0 obj <</BBox[0.0 13.75 18.0
0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 22/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<<>>/Subtype/Form>>stream
4/FT/Tx/Ff 0/MK 349 0 R/P 9 0 R/Q 0/Rect[325.333 336.25 343.333 350.0]/StructParent 84/Subtype/Widget/T(College #3
other reccomendation number required)/TU(College #3 other reccomendation number required)/Type/Annot>> endobj 268 0 obj
<</BBox[0.0 13.75 18.0 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 22/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
R>>/BS<</S/S/W 1>>/DA(/MinionPro-Regular 12 Tf 0 g)/F 4/FT/Tx/Ff 0/MK 350 0 R/P 9 0 R/Q 0/Rect[432.667 336.25 450.667
350.0]/StructParent 85/Subtype/Widget/T(College #3 other reccomendation number optional)/TU(College #3 other
reccomendation number optional)/Type/Annot>> endobj 270 0 obj <</BBox[0.0 13.75 18.0 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length
<</AP<</N 270 0 R>>/BS<</S/S/W 1>>/DA(/MinionPro-Regular 12 Tf 0 g)/F 4/FT/Tx/Ff 0/MK 351 0 R/P 9 0 R/Q 0/Rect[432.667
392.25 450.667 406.0]/StructParent 83/Subtype/Widget/T(College #3 teacher reccomendation number optional)/TU(College #3
teacher reccomendation number optional)/Type/Annot>> endobj 272 0 obj <</BBox[0.0 14.25 90.4
0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 22/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<<>>/Subtype/Form>>stream
4/FT/Tx/Ff 0/MK 352 0 R/P 9 0 R/Q 0/Rect[133.6 503.75 224.0 518.0]/StructParent 66/Subtype/Widget/T(College #3
application fee)/TU(College #3 application fee)/Type/Annot>> endobj 274 0 obj <</BBox[0.0 13.75 128.8
0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 22/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<<>>/Subtype/Form>>stream
4/FT/Tx/Ff 0/MK 353 0 R/P 9 0 R/Q 0/Rect[95.2 532.25 224.0 546.0]/StructParent 65/Subtype/Widget/T(College #3
deadline)/TU(College #3 deadline)/Type/Annot>> endobj 276 0 obj <</BBox[0.0 13.75 18.0 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length
<</AP<</N 276 0 R>>/BS<</S/S/W 1>>/DA(/MinionPro-Regular 12 Tf 0 g)/F 4/FT/Tx/Ff 0/MK 354 0 R/P 9 0 R/Q 0/Rect[325.333
392.25 343.333 406.0]/StructParent 82/Subtype/Widget/T(College #3 teacher reccomendation number required)/TU(College #3
teacher reccomendation number required)/Type/Annot>> endobj 278 0 obj <</BBox[0.0 10.0 10.0336
0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 299/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 74/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
355 0 R/P 9 0 R/Rect[43.0 434.0 53.0336 444.0]/StructParent 68/Subtype/Widget/T(College #3 essay optional)/TU(College
#3 essay optional)/Type/Annot/V/Off>> endobj 281 0 obj <</BBox[0.0 10.0 10.0336 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length
299/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 966 0 R/GS1 967 0
74/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 966 0
0 obj <</AP<</N<</Off 282 0 R/Yes 281 0 R>>>>/AS/Off/BS<</S/S/W 1>>/F 4/FT/Btn/Ff 0/H/P/MK 356 0 R/P 9 0 R/Rect[43.0
112.0 53.0336 122.0]/StructParent 78/Subtype/Widget/T(College #3 tests ignored)/TU(College #3 tests
ignored)/Type/Annot/V/Off>> endobj 284 0 obj <</BBox[0.0 10.0 10.0336 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 299/Matrix[1.0 0.0
0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 966 0 R/GS1 967 0 R>>>>/Subtype/Form>>stream
0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 74/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
357 0 R/P 9 0 R/Rect[43.0 140.0 53.0336 150.0]/StructParent 77/Subtype/Widget/T(College #3 tests flexible)/TU(College
#3 tests flexible)/Type/Annot/V/Off>> endobj 287 0 obj <</BBox[0.0 10.0 10.0336 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length
299/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 966 0 R/GS1 967 0
74/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 966 0
0 obj <</AP<</N<</Off 288 0 R/Yes 287 0 R>>>>/AS/Off/BS<</S/S/W 1>>/F 4/FT/Btn/Ff 0/H/P/MK 358 0 R/P 9 0 R/Rect[43.0
168.0 53.0336 178.0]/StructParent 76/Subtype/Widget/T(College #3 tests never required)/TU(College #3 tests never
required)/Type/Annot/V/Off>> endobj 290 0 obj <</BBox[0.0 10.0 10.0336 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 299/Matrix[1.0
0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 966 0 R/GS1 967 0
74/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 966 0
0 obj <</AP<</N<</Off 291 0 R/Yes 290 0 R>>>>/AS/Off/BS<</S/S/W 1>>/F 4/FT/Btn/Ff 0/H/P/MK 359 0 R/P 9 0 R/Rect[43.0
196.0 53.0336 206.0]/StructParent 75/Subtype/Widget/T(College #3 tests sometimes required)/TU(College #3 tests
sometimes required)/Type/Annot/V/Off>> endobj 293 0 obj <</BBox[0.0 10.0 10.0336 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length
299/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 966 0 R/GS1 967 0
74/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 966 0
0 obj <</AP<</N<</Off 294 0 R/Yes 293 0 R>>>>/AS/Off/BS<</S/S/W 1>>/F 4/FT/Btn/Ff 0/H/P/MK 360 0 R/P 9 0 R/Rect[43.0
224.0 53.0336 234.0]/StructParent 74/Subtype/Widget/T(College #3 tests always required)/TU(College #3 tests always
required)/Type/Annot/V/Off>> endobj 296 0 obj <</BBox[0.0 10.0 10.0336 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 299/Matrix[1.0
0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 966 0 R/GS1 967 0
74/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 966 0
0 obj <</AP<</N<</Off 297 0 R/Yes 296 0 R>>>>/AS/Off/BS<</S/S/W 1>>/F 4/FT/Btn/Ff 0/H/P/MK 361 0 R/P 9 0 R/Rect[43.0
252.0 53.0336 262.0]/StructParent 73/Subtype/Widget/T(College #3 SAT/ACT tests used)/TU(College #3 SAT/ACT tests
used)/Type/Annot/V/Off>> endobj 299 0 obj <</BBox[0.0 10.0 10.0336 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 299/Matrix[1.0 0.0
0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 966 0 R/GS1 967 0 R>>>>/Subtype/Form>>stream
0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 74/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
362 0 R/P 9 0 R/Rect[43.0 294.0 53.0336 304.0]/StructParent 72/Subtype/Widget/T(College #3 writing supplement
required)/TU(College #3 writing supplement required)/Type/Annot/V/Off>> endobj 302 0 obj <</BBox[0.0 10.0 10.0336
0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 299/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 74/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
250 0 R/P 9 0 R/Rect[43.0 322.0 53.0336 332.0]/StructParent 71/Subtype/Widget/T(College #3 portfolio
required)/TU(College #3 portfolio required)/Type/Annot/V/Off>> endobj 305 0 obj <</BBox[0.0 10.0 10.0336
0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 299/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 74/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
251 0 R/P 9 0 R/Rect[43.0 364.0 53.0336 374.0]/StructParent 70/Subtype/Widget/T(College #3 courses & grades not
required)/TU(College #3 courses & grades not required)/Type/Annot/V/Off>> endobj 308 0 obj <</BBox[0.0 10.0 10.0336
0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 299/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 74/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
252 0 R/P 9 0 R/Rect[43.0 392.0 53.0336 402.0]/StructParent 69/Subtype/Widget/T(College #3 courses & grades
required)/TU(College #3 courses & grades required)/Type/Annot/V/Off>> endobj 311 0 obj <</BBox[0.0 10.0 10.0336
0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 299/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 74/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
253 0 R/P 9 0 R/Rect[330.0 98.0 340.034 108.0]/StructParent 93/Subtype/Widget/T(College #3 other accepted)/TU(College
#3 other accepted)/Type/Annot/V/Off>> endobj 314 0 obj <</BBox[0.0 10.0 10.0336 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length
299/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 966 0 R/GS1 967 0
74/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 966 0
0 obj <</AP<</N<</Off 315 0 R/Yes 314 0 R>>>>/AS/Off/BS<</S/S/W 1>>/F 4/FT/Btn/Ff 0/H/P/MK 254 0 R/P 9 0 R/Rect[330.0
126.0 340.034 136.0]/StructParent 92/Subtype/Widget/T(College #3 peer accepted)/TU(College #3 peer
accepted)/Type/Annot/V/Off>> endobj 317 0 obj <</BBox[0.0 10.0 10.0336 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 299/Matrix[1.0
0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 966 0 R/GS1 967 0
74/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 966 0
0 obj <</AP<</N<</Off 318 0 R/Yes 317 0 R>>>>/AS/Off/BS<</S/S/W 1>>/F 4/FT/Btn/Ff 0/H/P/MK 255 0 R/P 9 0 R/Rect[330.0
154.0 340.034 164.0]/StructParent 91/Subtype/Widget/T(College #3 family member accepted)/TU(College #3 family member
accepted)/Type/Annot/V/Off>> endobj 320 0 obj <</BBox[0.0 10.0 10.0336 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 299/Matrix[1.0
0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 966 0 R/GS1 967 0
74/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 966 0
0 obj <</AP<</N<</Off 321 0 R/Yes 320 0 R>>>>/AS/Off/BS<</S/S/W 1>>/F 4/FT/Btn/Ff 0/H/P/MK 256 0 R/P 9 0 R/Rect[330.0
182.0 340.034 192.0]/StructParent 90/Subtype/Widget/T(College #3 employer accepted)/TU(College #3 employer
accepted)/Type/Annot/V/Off>> endobj 323 0 obj <</BBox[0.0 10.0 10.0336 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 299/Matrix[1.0
0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 966 0 R/GS1 967 0
74/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 966 0
0 obj <</AP<</N<</Off 324 0 R/Yes 323 0 R>>>>/AS/Off/BS<</S/S/W 1>>/F 4/FT/Btn/Ff 0/H/P/MK 257 0 R/P 9 0 R/Rect[330.0
210.0 340.034 220.0]/StructParent 89/Subtype/Widget/T(College #3 college access counselor accepted)/TU(College #3
college access counselor accepted)/Type/Annot/V/Off>> endobj 326 0 obj <</BBox[0.0 10.0 10.0336
0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 299/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 74/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
258 0 R/P 9 0 R/Rect[330.0 238.0 340.034 248.0]/StructParent 88/Subtype/Widget/T(College #3 coach accepted)/TU(College
#3 coach accepted)/Type/Annot/V/Off>> endobj 329 0 obj <</BBox[0.0 10.0 10.0336 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length
299/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 966 0 R/GS1 967 0
74/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 966 0
0 obj <</AP<</N<</Off 330 0 R/Yes 329 0 R>>>>/AS/Off/BS<</S/S/W 1>>/F 4/FT/Btn/Ff 0/H/P/MK 259 0 R/P 9 0 R/Rect[330.0
266.0 340.034 276.0]/StructParent 87/Subtype/Widget/T(College #3 clergy accepted)/TU(College #3 clergy
accepted)/Type/Annot/V/Off>> endobj 332 0 obj <</BBox[0.0 10.0 10.0336 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 299/Matrix[1.0
0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 966 0 R/GS1 967 0
74/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 966 0
0 obj <</AP<</N<</Off 333 0 R/Yes 332 0 R>>>>/AS/Off/BS<</S/S/W 1>>/F 4/FT/Btn/Ff 0/H/P/MK 260 0 R/P 9 0 R/Rect[330.0
294.0 340.034 304.0]/StructParent 86/Subtype/Widget/T(College #3 arts teacher accepted)/TU(College #3 arts teacher
accepted)/Type/Annot/V/Off>> endobj 335 0 obj <</BBox[0.0 10.0 10.0336 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 299/Matrix[1.0
0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 966 0 R/GS1 967 0
74/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 966 0
0 obj <</AP<</N<</Off 336 0 R/Yes 335 0 R>>>>/AS/Off/BS<</S/S/W 1>>/F 4/FT/Btn/Ff 0/H/P/MK 261 0 R/P 9 0 R/Rect[296.667
462.0 306.7 472.0]/StructParent 81/Subtype/Widget/T(College #3 writing questions additional information)/TU(College #3
writing questions additional information)/Type/Annot/V/Off>> endobj 338 0 obj <</BBox[0.0 10.0 10.0336
0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 299/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 74/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
262 0 R/P 9 0 R/Rect[296.667 490.0 306.7 500.0]/StructParent 80/Subtype/Widget/T(College #3 writing questions not
required)/TU(College #3 writing questions not required)/Type/Annot/V/Off>> endobj 341 0 obj <</BBox[0.0 10.0 10.0336
0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 299/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 74/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
263 0 R/P 9 0 R/Rect[296.667 518.0 306.7 528.0]/StructParent 79/Subtype/Widget/T(College #3 writing questions
required)/TU(College #3 writing questions required)/Type/Annot/V/Off>> endobj 344 0 obj <</BBox[0.0 10.0 10.0336
0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 299/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 74/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
264 0 R/P 9 0 R/Rect[43.0 462.0 53.0336 472.0]/StructParent 67/Subtype/Widget/T(College #3 essay required)/TU(College
#3 essay required)/Type/Annot/V/Off>> endobj 347 0 obj <</BBox[0.0 14.0 414.667 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length
<</AP<</N 347 0 R>>/BS<</S/S/W 1>>/DA(/MinionPro-Regular 12 Tf 0 g)/F 4/FT/Tx/Ff 0/MK 265 0 R/P 9 0 R/Q 0/Rect[36.0
602.0 450.667 616.0]/StructParent 64/Subtype/Widget/T(College #3 name)/TU(College #3 name)/Type/Annot>> endobj 349 0
obj <</BC[]/BG[]>> endobj 350 0 obj <</BC[]/BG[]>> endobj 351 0 obj <</BC[]/BG[]>> endobj 352 0 obj <</BC[]/BG[]>>
endobj 353 0 obj <</BC[]/BG[]>> endobj 354 0 obj <</BC[]/BG[]>> endobj 355 0 obj <</BC[0.0431061 0.427505
0.741196]/BG[]>> endobj 356 0 obj <</BC[0.0431061 0.427505 0.741196]/BG[]>> endobj 357 0 obj <</BC[0.0431061 0.427505
0.741196]/BG[]>> endobj 358 0 obj <</BC[0.0431061 0.427505 0.741196]/BG[]>> endobj 359 0 obj <</BC[0.0431061 0.427505
0.741196]/BG[]>> endobj 360 0 obj <</BC[0.0431061 0.427505 0.741196]/BG[]>> endobj 361 0 obj <</BC[0.0431061 0.427505
0.741196]/BG[]>> endobj 362 0 obj <</BC[0.0431061 0.427505 0.741196]/BG[]>> endobj 363 0 obj <</BC[]/BG[]>> endobj 364
0 obj <</BC[]/BG[]>> endobj 365 0 obj <</BC[0.0431061 0.427505 0.741196]/BG[]>> endobj 366 0 obj <</BC[0.0431061
0.427505 0.741196]/BG[]>> endobj 367 0 obj <</BC[0.0431061 0.427505 0.741196]/BG[]>> endobj 368 0 obj <</BC[0.0431061
0.427505 0.741196]/BG[]>> endobj 369 0 obj <</BC[0.0431061 0.427505 0.741196]/BG[]>> endobj 370 0 obj <</BC[0.0431061
0.427505 0.741196]/BG[]>> endobj 371 0 obj <</BC[0.0431061 0.427505 0.741196]/BG[]>> endobj 372 0 obj <</BC[0.0431061
0.427505 0.741196]/BG[]>> endobj 373 0 obj <</BC[0.0431061 0.427505 0.741196]/BG[]>> endobj 374 0 obj <</BC[0.0431061
0.427505 0.741196]/BG[]>> endobj 375 0 obj <</BC[0.0431061 0.427505 0.741196]/BG[]>> endobj 376 0 obj <</BC[0.0431061
0.427505 0.741196]/BG[]>> endobj 377 0 obj <</BC[0.0431061 0.427505 0.741196]/BG[]>> endobj 378 0 obj <</BC[0.0431061
0.427505 0.741196]/BG[]>> endobj 379 0 obj <</BC[0.0431061 0.427505 0.741196]/BG[]>> endobj 380 0 obj <</BC[0.0431061
0.427505 0.741196]/BG[]>> endobj 381 0 obj <</BC[0.0431061 0.427505 0.741196]/BG[]>> endobj 382 0 obj <</BC[0.0431061
0.427505 0.741196]/BG[]>> endobj 383 0 obj <</BC[0.0431061 0.427505 0.741196]/BG[]>> endobj 384 0 obj <</BC[0.0431061
0.427505 0.741196]/BG[]>> endobj 385 0 obj <</BC[0.0431061 0.427505 0.741196]/BG[]>> endobj 386 0 obj <</BC[0.0431061
0.427505 0.741196]/BG[]>> endobj 387 0 obj <</BC[0.0431061 0.427505 0.741196]/BG[]>> endobj 388 0 obj <</BC[]/BG[]>>
endobj 389 0 obj <</BBox[0.0 13.75 18.0 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 22/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
R>>/BS<</S/S/W 1>>/DA(/MinionPro-Regular 12 Tf 0 g)/F 4/FT/Tx/Ff 0/MK 472 0 R/P 13 0 R/Q 0/Rect[325.333 336.25 343.333
350.0]/StructParent 115/Subtype/Widget/T(College #4 other reccomendation number required)/TU(College #4 other
reccomendation number required)/Type/Annot>> endobj 391 0 obj <</BBox[0.0 13.75 18.0 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length
<</AP<</N 391 0 R>>/BS<</S/S/W 1>>/DA(/MinionPro-Regular 12 Tf 0 g)/F 4/FT/Tx/Ff 0/MK 473 0 R/P 13 0 R/Q 0/Rect[432.667
336.25 450.667 350.0]/StructParent 116/Subtype/Widget/T(College #4 other reccomendation number optional)/TU(College #4
other reccomendation number optional)/Type/Annot>> endobj 393 0 obj <</BBox[0.0 13.75 18.0
0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 22/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<<>>/Subtype/Form>>stream
4/FT/Tx/Ff 0/MK 474 0 R/P 13 0 R/Q 0/Rect[432.667 392.25 450.667 406.0]/StructParent 114/Subtype/Widget/T(College #4
teacher reccomendation number optional)/TU(College #4 teacher reccomendation number optional)/Type/Annot>> endobj 395 0
obj <</BBox[0.0 14.25 90.4 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 22/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
R>>/BS<</S/S/W 1>>/DA(/MinionPro-Regular 12 Tf 0 g)/F 4/FT/Tx/Ff 0/MK 475 0 R/P 13 0 R/Q 0/Rect[133.6 503.75 224.0
518.0]/StructParent 97/Subtype/Widget/T(College #4 application fee)/TU(College #4 application fee)/Type/Annot>> endobj
397 0 obj <</BBox[0.0 13.75 128.8 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 22/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
R>>/BS<</S/S/W 1>>/DA(/MinionPro-Regular 12 Tf 0 g)/F 4/FT/Tx/Ff 0/MK 363 0 R/P 13 0 R/Q 0/Rect[95.2 532.25 224.0
546.0]/StructParent 96/Subtype/Widget/T(College #4 deadline)/TU(College #4 deadline)/Type/Annot>> endobj 399 0 obj
<</BBox[0.0 13.75 18.0 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 22/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
R>>/BS<</S/S/W 1>>/DA(/MinionPro-Regular 12 Tf 0 g)/F 4/FT/Tx/Ff 0/MK 364 0 R/P 13 0 R/Q 0/Rect[325.333 392.25 343.333
406.0]/StructParent 113/Subtype/Widget/T(College #4 teacher reccomendation number required)/TU(College #4 teacher
reccomendation number required)/Type/Annot>> endobj 401 0 obj <</BBox[0.0 10.0 10.0336 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length
299/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 966 0 R/GS1 967 0
74/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 966 0
0 obj <</AP<</N<</Off 402 0 R/Yes 401 0 R>>>>/AS/Off/BS<</S/S/W 1>>/F 4/FT/Btn/Ff 0/H/P/MK 365 0 R/P 13 0 R/Rect[43.0
434.0 53.0336 444.0]/StructParent 99/Subtype/Widget/T(College #4 essay optional)/TU(College #4 essay
optional)/Type/Annot/V/Off>> endobj 404 0 obj <</BBox[0.0 10.0 10.0336 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 299/Matrix[1.0
0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 966 0 R/GS1 967 0
74/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 966 0
0 obj <</AP<</N<</Off 405 0 R/Yes 404 0 R>>>>/AS/Off/BS<</S/S/W 1>>/F 4/FT/Btn/Ff 0/H/P/MK 366 0 R/P 13 0 R/Rect[43.0
112.0 53.0336 122.0]/StructParent 109/Subtype/Widget/T(College #4 tests ignored)/TU(College #4 tests
ignored)/Type/Annot/V/Off>> endobj 407 0 obj <</BBox[0.0 10.0 10.0336 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 299/Matrix[1.0 0.0
0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 966 0 R/GS1 967 0 R>>>>/Subtype/Form>>stream
0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 74/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
367 0 R/P 13 0 R/Rect[43.0 140.0 53.0336 150.0]/StructParent 108/Subtype/Widget/T(College #4 tests flexible)/TU(College
#4 tests flexible)/Type/Annot/V/Off>> endobj 410 0 obj <</BBox[0.0 10.0 10.0336 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length
299/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 966 0 R/GS1 967 0
74/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 966 0
0 obj <</AP<</N<</Off 411 0 R/Yes 410 0 R>>>>/AS/Off/BS<</S/S/W 1>>/F 4/FT/Btn/Ff 0/H/P/MK 368 0 R/P 13 0 R/Rect[43.0
168.0 53.0336 178.0]/StructParent 107/Subtype/Widget/T(College #4 tests never required)/TU(College #4 tests never
required)/Type/Annot/V/Off>> endobj 413 0 obj <</BBox[0.0 10.0 10.0336 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 299/Matrix[1.0
0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 966 0 R/GS1 967 0
74/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 966 0
0 obj <</AP<</N<</Off 414 0 R/Yes 413 0 R>>>>/AS/Off/BS<</S/S/W 1>>/F 4/FT/Btn/Ff 0/H/P/MK 369 0 R/P 13 0 R/Rect[43.0
196.0 53.0336 206.0]/StructParent 106/Subtype/Widget/T(College #4 tests sometimes required)/TU(College #4 tests
sometimes required)/Type/Annot/V/Off>> endobj 416 0 obj <</BBox[0.0 10.0 10.0336 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length
299/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 966 0 R/GS1 967 0
74/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 966 0
0 obj <</AP<</N<</Off 417 0 R/Yes 416 0 R>>>>/AS/Off/BS<</S/S/W 1>>/F 4/FT/Btn/Ff 0/H/P/MK 370 0 R/P 13 0 R/Rect[43.0
224.0 53.0336 234.0]/StructParent 105/Subtype/Widget/T(College #4 tests always required )/TU(College #4 tests always
required )/Type/Annot/V/Off>> endobj 419 0 obj <</BBox[0.0 10.0 10.0336 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 299/Matrix[1.0
0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 966 0 R/GS1 967 0
74/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 966 0
0 obj <</AP<</N<</Off 420 0 R/Yes 419 0 R>>>>/AS/Off/BS<</S/S/W 1>>/F 4/FT/Btn/Ff 0/H/P/MK 371 0 R/P 13 0 R/Rect[43.0
252.0 53.0336 262.0]/StructParent 104/Subtype/Widget/T(College #4 SAT/ACT tests used)/TU(College #4 SAT/ACT tests
used)/Type/Annot/V/Off>> endobj 422 0 obj <</BBox[0.0 10.0 10.0336 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 299/Matrix[1.0 0.0
0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 966 0 R/GS1 967 0 R>>>>/Subtype/Form>>stream
0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 74/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
372 0 R/P 13 0 R/Rect[43.0 294.0 53.0336 304.0]/StructParent 103/Subtype/Widget/T(College #4 writing supplement
required)/TU(College #4 writing supplement required)/Type/Annot/V/Off>> endobj 425 0 obj <</BBox[0.0 10.0 10.0336
0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 299/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 74/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
373 0 R/P 13 0 R/Rect[43.0 322.0 53.0336 332.0]/StructParent 102/Subtype/Widget/T(College #4 portfolio
required)/TU(College #4 portfolio required)/Type/Annot/V/Off>> endobj 428 0 obj <</BBox[0.0 10.0 10.0336
0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 299/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 74/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
374 0 R/P 13 0 R/Rect[43.0 364.0 53.0336 374.0]/StructParent 101/Subtype/Widget/T(College #4 courses & grades not
required)/TU(College #4 courses & grades not required)/Type/Annot/V/Off>> endobj 431 0 obj <</BBox[0.0 10.0 10.0336
0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 299/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 74/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
375 0 R/P 13 0 R/Rect[43.0 392.0 53.0336 402.0]/StructParent 100/Subtype/Widget/T(College #4 courses & grades
required)/TU(College #4 courses & grades required)/Type/Annot/V/Off>> endobj 434 0 obj <</BBox[0.0 10.0 10.0336
0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 299/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 74/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
376 0 R/P 13 0 R/Rect[330.0 98.0 340.034 108.0]/StructParent 124/Subtype/Widget/T(College #4 other accepted)/TU(College
#4 other accepted)/Type/Annot/V/Off>> endobj 437 0 obj <</BBox[0.0 10.0 10.0336 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length
299/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 966 0 R/GS1 967 0
74/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 966 0
0 obj <</AP<</N<</Off 438 0 R/Yes 437 0 R>>>>/AS/Off/BS<</S/S/W 1>>/F 4/FT/Btn/Ff 0/H/P/MK 377 0 R/P 13 0 R/Rect[330.0
126.0 340.034 136.0]/StructParent 123/Subtype/Widget/T(College #4 peer accepted)/TU(College #4 peer
accepted)/Type/Annot/V/Off>> endobj 440 0 obj <</BBox[0.0 10.0 10.0336 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 299/Matrix[1.0
0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 966 0 R/GS1 967 0
74/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 966 0
0 obj <</AP<</N<</Off 441 0 R/Yes 440 0 R>>>>/AS/Off/BS<</S/S/W 1>>/F 4/FT/Btn/Ff 0/H/P/MK 378 0 R/P 13 0 R/Rect[330.0
154.0 340.034 164.0]/StructParent 122/Subtype/Widget/T(College #4 family member accepted)/TU(College #4 family member
accepted)/Type/Annot/V/Off>> endobj 443 0 obj <</BBox[0.0 10.0 10.0336 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 299/Matrix[1.0
0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 966 0 R/GS1 967 0
74/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 966 0
0 obj <</AP<</N<</Off 444 0 R/Yes 443 0 R>>>>/AS/Off/BS<</S/S/W 1>>/F 4/FT/Btn/Ff 0/H/P/MK 379 0 R/P 13 0 R/Rect[330.0
182.0 340.034 192.0]/StructParent 121/Subtype/Widget/T(College #4 employer accepted)/TU(College #4 employer
accepted)/Type/Annot/V/Off>> endobj 446 0 obj <</BBox[0.0 10.0 10.0336 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 299/Matrix[1.0
0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 966 0 R/GS1 967 0
74/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 966 0
0 obj <</AP<</N<</Off 447 0 R/Yes 446 0 R>>>>/AS/Off/BS<</S/S/W 1>>/F 4/FT/Btn/Ff 0/H/P/MK 380 0 R/P 13 0 R/Rect[330.0
210.0 340.034 220.0]/StructParent 120/Subtype/Widget/T(College #4 college access counselor accepted)/TU(College #4
college access counselor accepted)/Type/Annot/V/Off>> endobj 449 0 obj <</BBox[0.0 10.0 10.0336
0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 299/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 74/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
381 0 R/P 13 0 R/Rect[330.0 238.0 340.034 248.0]/StructParent 119/Subtype/Widget/T(College #4 coach
accepted)/TU(College #4 coach accepted)/Type/Annot/V/Off>> endobj 452 0 obj <</BBox[0.0 10.0 10.0336
0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 299/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 74/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
382 0 R/P 13 0 R/Rect[330.0 266.0 340.034 276.0]/StructParent 118/Subtype/Widget/T(College #4 clergy
accepted)/TU(College #4 clergy accepted)/Type/Annot/V/Off>> endobj 455 0 obj <</BBox[0.0 10.0 10.0336
0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 299/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 74/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
383 0 R/P 13 0 R/Rect[330.0 294.0 340.034 304.0]/StructParent 117/Subtype/Widget/T(College #4 arts teacher
accepted)/TU(College #4 arts teacher accepted)/Type/Annot/V/Off>> endobj 458 0 obj <</BBox[0.0 10.0 10.0336
0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 299/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 74/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
384 0 R/P 13 0 R/Rect[296.667 462.0 306.7 472.0]/StructParent 112/Subtype/Widget/T(College #4 writing questions
additional information)/TU(College #4 writing questions additional information)/Type/Annot/V/Off>> endobj 461 0 obj
<</BBox[0.0 10.0 10.0336 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 299/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 74/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
385 0 R/P 13 0 R/Rect[296.667 490.0 306.7 500.0]/StructParent 111/Subtype/Widget/T(College #4 writing questions not
required)/TU(College #4 writing questions not required)/Type/Annot/V/Off>> endobj 464 0 obj <</BBox[0.0 10.0 10.0336
0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 299/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 74/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
386 0 R/P 13 0 R/Rect[296.667 518.0 306.7 528.0]/StructParent 110/Subtype/Widget/T(College #4 writing questions
required)/TU(College #4 writing questions required)/Type/Annot/V/Off>> endobj 467 0 obj <</BBox[0.0 10.0 10.0336
0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 299/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 74/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
387 0 R/P 13 0 R/Rect[43.0 462.0 53.0336 472.0]/StructParent 98/Subtype/Widget/T(College #4 essay required)/TU(College
#4 essay required)/Type/Annot/V/Off>> endobj 470 0 obj <</BBox[0.0 14.0 414.667 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length
<</AP<</N 470 0 R>>/BS<</S/S/W 1>>/DA(/MinionPro-Regular 12 Tf 0 g)/F 4/FT/Tx/Ff 0/MK 388 0 R/P 13 0 R/Q 0/Rect[36.0
602.0 450.667 616.0]/StructParent 95/Subtype/Widget/T(College #4 name)/TU(College #4 name)/Type/Annot>> endobj 472 0
obj <</BC[]/BG[]>> endobj 473 0 obj <</BC[]/BG[]>> endobj 474 0 obj <</BC[]/BG[]>> endobj 475 0 obj <</BC[]/BG[]>>
endobj 476 0 obj <</Count 0/Type/Outlines>> endobj 477 0 obj [124 0 R 130 0 R 135 0 R 32 0 R 91 0 R 22 0 R 109 0 R 113
0 R 103 0 R 34 0 R 73 0 R 70 0 R 66 0 R 38 0 R 126 0 R 123 0 R 88 0 R 82 0 R 98 0 R 96 0 R 19 0 R 108 0 R 104 0 R 25 0
R 128 0 R 136 0 R 134 0 R 122 0 R 107 0 R 118 0 R 193 0 R 161 0 R 239 0 R 178 0 R 166 0 R 164 0 R 236 0 R 179 0 R 186 0
R 233 0 R 202 0 R 247 0 R 200 0 R 199 0 R 204 0 R 174 0 R 237 0 R 234 0 R 190 0 R 244 0 R 248 0 R 189 0 R 242 0 R 227 0
R 224 0 R 220 0 R 219 0 R 230 0 R 216 0 R 213 0 R 348 0 R 346 0 R 343 0 R 340 0 R 337 0 R 334 0 R 331 0 R 328 0 R 325 0
R 322 0 R 319 0 R 316 0 R 313 0 R 310 0 R 307 0 R 304 0 R 301 0 R 298 0 R 295 0 R 292 0 R 289 0 R 286 0 R 283 0 R 280 0
R 277 0 R 275 0 R 273 0 R 271 0 R 269 0 R 267 0 R 471 0 R 469 0 R 466 0 R 463 0 R 460 0 R 457 0 R 454 0 R 451 0 R 448 0
R 445 0 R 442 0 R 439 0 R 436 0 R 433 0 R 430 0 R 427 0 R 424 0 R 421 0 R 418 0 R 415 0 R 412 0 R 409 0 R 406 0 R 403 0
R 400 0 R 398 0 R 396 0 R 394 0 R 392 0 R 390 0 R] endobj 478 0 obj <</BaseFont/MinionPro-Regular/Encoding 479 0
R/FirstChar 0/FontDescriptor 480 0 R/LastChar 255/Subtype/Type1/Type/Font/Widths[500 500 500 500 500 500 500 500 500
500 500 500 500 500 500 500 500 500 500 500 500 500 500 500 500 500 500 500 500 500 500 500 227 276 318 480 480 756 711
169 346 346 404 580 228 356 228 331 480 480 480 480 480 480 480 480 480 480 228 228 552 580 552 379 753 691 588 665 735
568 529 715 766 341 329 673 538 891 743 747 563 745 621 474 617 736 703 971 654 634 603 345 333 345 566 500 400 439 508
423 528 425 296 468 534 268 256 496 253 819 547 510 524 511 371 367 305 531 463 685 472 459 420 347 263 347 580 500 691
691 661 568 743 747 736 439 439 439 439 439 439 421 425 425 425 425 268 268 268 268 547 510 510 510 510 510 531 531 531
531 490 343 480 480 477 390 497 545 321 702 459 400 400 500 869 749 500 580 500 500 480 512 500 500 500 500 500 305 334
500 671 513 379 276 580 500 480 500 500 444 445 970 500 691 691 747 973 770 520 922 398 401 224 223 580 500 459 634 159
480 279 279 535 533 489 226 239 429 1062 691 568 691 568 568 341 341 341 341 747 747 500 747 736 736 736 268 400 400
400 400 400 400 400 400 400 400]>> endobj 479 0 obj
<</BaseEncoding/MacRomanEncoding/Differences[219/Euro]/Type/Encoding>> endobj 480 0 obj <</Ascent 989/CapHeight
651/Descent -360/Flags 34/FontBBox[-290 -360 1684 989]/FontFamily(Minion
Pro)/FontName/MinionPro-Regular/FontStretch/Normal/FontWeight 400/ItalicAngle 0/StemV 80/Type/FontDescriptor/XHeight
481 0 R/Filter/FlateDecode/First 544/Length 788/N 64/Type/ObjStm>>stream
R/Filter[/ASCII85Decode/FlateDecode]/Height 99/Length 460/Width 76>>stream
8;Z]!6$@l'&;IlLZcYkN17R>;?$=i;ACZT[Qc&aQl&;>I&;]7@gF"(o&=&l[)12R#
jRW)qdpf9]cnWsr:RshS-bd)*%;?rB`EL%^f68kEH--bbGZ.Ppc_\Bi8Pq-08W/"Z
Ou#g>?rpN0E*O";++?]Mk8RJR"+)fBlX?mI&f&[o$PDp<WEB"!Y0kC79J4[f\tI#&
D42TA1@?NfY+IHAV3^;"S5E=?VPkfK>Z^JS3a/aDpF65T5AB[nMW[WU5d=?N?C>!%
4SGRPMVXhkq=r9I)<5FJ*uGPK)=b4]5mg,jVQ]ZOhG+A[ZL7R)`;5mCk<;?pVSN^\
[+/Xbl8h6t:4h#frXE47ju=9+Wup`J-COYMbql+4MMsJKQ5?)\`I7Oe,&5I&*uX)O
r3oV#[<G^90/2@cb%-K$UX<bb%!3Mm_u4aCg.4Xnq/i"Xq2k!f[>)TF!3k3BRf~> endstream endobj 487 0 obj <</BitsPerComponent
8/ColorSpace 18 0 R/Filter[/ASCII85Decode/FlateDecode]/Height 99/Length 396/Width 76>>stream
8;Z]"5n\em$q7]-=`G;7e<>")1Zpf!"@o?s5sKrAT!^?iLbU/>QFTkY:R.gP%CF[\
'1anka:ts-GHdZ4P<D^p1>;MeNV:uU*5&eo;&"/-dS:TfWC+HuqH4k2,Ti^?3iXb_
d7:SZPGu]JA!>nRN%&'mCN>O,+qrgS4"a2^MY+m?GV5*PeNP&O_q"I>P]#XG?o/$l
DfOB1qm3t^"DE2j4aFHWRXi2'EDG;f'@i8/&N7BJ$eBBN[KNdhW;i2tU`(WITq^J_
FlGk>E4$kZ$SocJUKk!j#PS=8aj3'$ENR']HZWc=Q5kk\'h):FS%P(>\HGgFk2%`;
P70L'ZP]Qm:ADOTRsc<U:67#5NFI"ZGC;E_L=2)m6qncBo=$A"jaLu]p^R;U2la[~> endstream endobj 488 0 obj <</BitsPerComponent
8/ColorSpace 18 0 R/Filter[/ASCII85Decode/FlateDecode]/Height 99/Length 396/Width 76>>stream
8;Z]"5n\em$q7]-=`G;7e<>")1Zpf!"@o?s5sKrAT!^?iLbU/>QFTkY:R.gP%CF[\
'1anka:ts-GHdZ4P<D^p1>;MeNV:uU*5&eo;&"/-dS:TfWC+HuqH4k2,Ti^?3iXb_
d7:SZPGu]JA!>nRN%&'mCN>O,+qrgS4"a2^MY+m?GV5*PeNP&O_q"I>P]#XG?o/$l
DfOB1qm3t^"DE2j4aFHWRXi2'EDG;f'@i8/&N7BJ$eBBN[KNdhW;i2tU`(WITq^J_
FlGk>E4$kZ$SocJUKk!j#PS=8aj3'$ENR']HZWc=Q5kk\'h):FS%P(>\HGgFk2%`;
P70L'ZP]Qm:ADOTRsc<U:67#5NFI"ZGC;E_L=2)m6qncBo=$A"jaLu]p^R;U2la[~> endstream endobj 489 0 obj <</BitsPerComponent
8/ColorSpace 18 0 R/Filter[/ASCII85Decode/FlateDecode]/Height 99/Length 396/Width 76>>stream
8;Z]"5n\em$q7]-=`G;7e<>")1Zpf!"@o?s5sKrAT!^?iLbU/>QFTkY:R.gP%CF[\
'1anka:ts-GHdZ4P<D^p1>;MeNV:uU*5&eo;&"/-dS:TfWC+HuqH4k2,Ti^?3iXb_
d7:SZPGu]JA!>nRN%&'mCN>O,+qrgS4"a2^MY+m?GV5*PeNP&O_q"I>P]#XG?o/$l
DfOB1qm3t^"DE2j4aFHWRXi2'EDG;f'@i8/&N7BJ$eBBN[KNdhW;i2tU`(WITq^J_
FlGk>E4$kZ$SocJUKk!j#PS=8aj3'$ENR']HZWc=Q5kk\'h):FS%P(>\HGgFk2%`;
P70L'ZP]Qm:ADOTRsc<U:67#5NFI"ZGC;E_L=2)m6qncBo=$A"jaLu]p^R;U2la[~> endstream endobj 490 0 obj <</BitsPerComponent
8/ColorSpace 18 0 R/Filter[/ASCII85Decode/FlateDecode]/Height 99/Length 396/Width 76>>stream
8;Z]"5n\em$q7]-=`G;7e<>")1Zpf!"@o?s5sKrAT!^?iLbU/>QFTkY:R.gP%CF[\
'1anka:ts-GHdZ4P<D^p1>;MeNV:uU*5&eo;&"/-dS:TfWC+HuqH4k2,Ti^?3iXb_
d7:SZPGu]JA!>nRN%&'mCN>O,+qrgS4"a2^MY+m?GV5*PeNP&O_q"I>P]#XG?o/$l
DfOB1qm3t^"DE2j4aFHWRXi2'EDG;f'@i8/&N7BJ$eBBN[KNdhW;i2tU`(WITq^J_
FlGk>E4$kZ$SocJUKk!j#PS=8aj3'$ENR']HZWc=Q5kk\'h):FS%P(>\HGgFk2%`;
P70L'ZP]Qm:ADOTRsc<U:67#5NFI"ZGC;E_L=2)m6qncBo=$A"jaLu]p^R;U2la[~> endstream endobj 491 0 obj <</Count 5/Kids[962 0 R 1
0 R 5 0 R 9 0 R 13 0 R]/Type/Pages>> endobj 492 0 obj <</Length 3020/Subtype/XML/Type/Metadata>>stream <?xpacket
79.164488, 2020/07/10-22:06:53 "> <rdf:RDF xmlns:rdf="http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#"> <rdf:Description
rdf:about="" xmlns:dc="http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/" xmlns:xmp="http://ns.adobe.com/xap/1.0/"
xmlns:xmpMM="http://ns.adobe.com/xap/1.0/mm/" xmlns:stRef="http://ns.adobe.com/xap/1.0/sType/ResourceRef#"
xmlns:stEvt="http://ns.adobe.com/xap/1.0/sType/ResourceEvent#" xmlns:xmpRights="http://ns.adobe.com/xap/1.0/rights/"
xmlns:pdf="http://ns.adobe.com/pdf/1.3/"> <dc:format>application/pdf</dc:format> <dc:title> <rdf:Alt> <rdf:li
xml:lang="x-default">My college requirements &#xA;worksheet&#xD;</rdf:li> </rdf:Alt> </dc:title> <dc:rights> <rdf:Alt>
<xmp:CreateDate>2020-12-29T11:48:56-05:00</xmp:CreateDate>
<xmp:MetadataDate>2020-12-29T11:48:56-05:00</xmp:MetadataDate>
<xmp:ModifyDate>2020-12-29T11:48:56-05:00</xmp:ModifyDate> <xmp:CreatorTool>Adobe InDesign 16.0
(Macintosh)</xmp:CreatorTool> <xmpMM:InstanceID>uuid:e7486ab3-c091-f048-9576-8029dc3ebe3d</xmpMM:InstanceID>
<xmpMM:OriginalDocumentID>xmp.did:92db5277-9d80-48df-91f5-64b1a9203f29</xmpMM:OriginalDocumentID>
<xmpMM:DocumentID>xmp.id:0542f30b-4699-453b-8a7c-4e66af222fd5</xmpMM:DocumentID>
<xmpMM:RenditionClass>proof:pdf</xmpMM:RenditionClass> <xmpMM:DerivedFrom rdf:parseType="Resource">
<stRef:instanceID>xmp.iid:31fef738-4920-4b06-881c-2e870f935316</stRef:instanceID>
<stRef:documentID>xmp.did:f0e80fe5-36a4-4be4-bddd-b50f9f1e3b6b</stRef:documentID>
<stRef:originalDocumentID>xmp.did:92db5277-9d80-48df-91f5-64b1a9203f29</stRef:originalDocumentID>
<stRef:renditionClass>default</stRef:renditionClass> </xmpMM:DerivedFrom> <xmpMM:History> <rdf:Seq> <rdf:li
rdf:parseType="Resource"> <stEvt:action>converted</stEvt:action> <stEvt:parameters>from application/x-indesign to
application/pdf</stEvt:parameters> <stEvt:softwareAgent>Adobe InDesign 16.0 (Macintosh)</stEvt:softwareAgent>
<stEvt:changed>/</stEvt:changed> <stEvt:when>2020-12-29T11:48:56-05:00</stEvt:when> </rdf:li> </rdf:Seq>
</xmpMM:History> <xmpRights:Marked>True</xmpRights:Marked>
<xmpRights:WebStatement>commonapp.org</xmpRights:WebStatement> <pdf:Producer>Adobe PDF Library 15.0</pdf:Producer>
<pdf:Trapped>False</pdf:Trapped> </rdf:Description> </rdf:RDF> </x:xmpmeta> <?xpacket end="r"?> endstream endobj 493 0
obj <</CreationDate(D:20201229114856-05'00')/Creator(Adobe InDesign 16.0
\(Macintosh\))/ModDate(D:20201229114856-05'00')/Producer(Adobe PDF Library 15.0)/Title(My college requirements
\nworksheet\r)/Trapped/False>> endobj xref 0 958 0000000000 65535 f 0000088255 00000 n 0000095467 00000 n 0000095710
00000 n 0000097784 00000 n 0000097841 00000 n 0000105055 00000 n 0000105312 00000 n 0000107386 00000 n 0000107443 00000
n 0000114660 00000 n 0000114918 00000 n 0000116992 00000 n 0000117050 00000 n 0000124344 00000 n 0000124602 00000 n
0000126690 00000 n 0000126748 00000 n 0000127261 00000 n 0000127309 00000 n 0000127577 00000 n 0000127751 00000 n
0000128270 00000 n 0000128539 00000 n 0000128944 00000 n 0000129448 00000 n 0000129701 00000 n 0000130220 00000 n
0000130739 00000 n 0000130770 00000 n 0000130801 00000 n 0000131320 00000 n 0000131601 00000 n 0000131888 00000 n
0000131919 00000 n 0000132180 00000 n 0000132238 00000 n 0000132296 00000 n 0000132354 00000 n 0000132630 00000 n
0000132661 00000 n 0000132719 00000 n 0000132777 00000 n 0000132835 00000 n 0000132893 00000 n 0000132951 00000 n
0000132982 00000 n 0000133040 00000 n 0000133098 00000 n 0000133156 00000 n 0000133214 00000 n 0000133272 00000 n
0000133330 00000 n 0000133388 00000 n 0000133446 00000 n 0000133504 00000 n 0000133562 00000 n 0000133620 00000 n
0000133678 00000 n 0000133736 00000 n 0000134017 00000 n 0000134075 00000 n 0000134356 00000 n 0000139477 00000 n
0000157788 00000 n 0000157819 00000 n 0000157993 00000 n 0000158247 00000 n 0000158766 00000 n 0000159285 00000 n
0000159804 00000 n 0000160057 00000 n 0000160338 00000 n 0000160619 00000 n 0000160890 00000 n 0000161171 00000 n
0000161854 00000 n 0000161885 00000 n 0000162166 00000 n 0000162685 00000 n 0000162966 00000 n 0000163247 00000 n
0000163766 00000 n 0000164029 00000 n 0000164310 00000 n 0000164829 00000 n 0000165003 00000 n 0000165522 00000 n
0000166041 00000 n 0000166321 00000 n 0000166602 00000 n 0000166883 00000 n 0000167191 00000 n 0000167472 00000 n
0000167753 00000 n 0000168272 00000 n 0000168446 00000 n 0000168721 00000 n 0000169240 00000 n 0000169509 00000 n
0000170028 00000 n 0000170310 00000 n 0000170592 00000 n 0000171112 00000 n 0000171408 00000 n 0000171662 00000 n
0000172182 00000 n 0000172464 00000 n 0000172768 00000 n 0000173024 00000 n 0000173284 00000 n 0000173566 00000 n
0000173848 00000 n 0000174368 00000 n 0000174625 00000 n 0000175145 00000 n 0000175665 00000 n 0000175724 00000 n
0000176244 00000 n 0000176547 00000 n 0000176829 00000 n 0000177111 00000 n 0000177631 00000 n 0000177938 00000 n
0000178201 00000 n 0000178436 00000 n 0000178956 00000 n 0000179243 00000 n 0000179420 00000 n 0000179727 00000 n
0000180009 00000 n 0000180263 00000 n 0000180438 00000 n 0000180614 00000 n 0000180896 00000 n 0000181152 00000 n
0000181432 00000 n 0000181674 00000 n 0000181706 00000 n 0000181738 00000 n 0000181770 00000 n 0000181802 00000 n
0000181834 00000 n 0000181866 00000 n 0000181925 00000 n 0000181984 00000 n 0000182043 00000 n 0000182102 00000 n
0000182161 00000 n 0000182220 00000 n 0000182279 00000 n 0000182338 00000 n 0000182397 00000 n 0000182456 00000 n
0000182515 00000 n 0000182574 00000 n 0000182633 00000 n 0000182692 00000 n 0000182751 00000 n 0000182810 00000 n
0000182869 00000 n 0000182928 00000 n 0000183186 00000 n 0000183706 00000 n 0000183988 00000 n 0000184261 00000 n
0000184543 00000 n 0000184854 00000 n 0000185136 00000 n 0000185418 00000 n 0000185700 00000 n 0000186220 00000 n
0000186740 00000 n 0000187022 00000 n 0000187542 00000 n 0000187808 00000 n 0000188090 00000 n 0000188372 00000 n
0000188892 00000 n 0000189183 00000 n 0000189442 00000 n 0000189724 00000 n 0000190244 00000 n 0000190526 00000 n
0000191046 00000 n 0000191566 00000 n 0000191848 00000 n 0000192145 00000 n 0000192665 00000 n 0000192947 00000 n
0000193205 00000 n 0000193477 00000 n 0000193759 00000 n 0000194279 00000 n 0000194516 00000 n 0000194798 00000 n
0000195318 00000 n 0000195600 00000 n 0000196120 00000 n 0000196640 00000 n 0000196920 00000 n 0000197178 00000 n
0000197698 00000 n 0000197973 00000 n 0000198493 00000 n 0000198781 00000 n 0000199301 00000 n 0000199583 00000 n
0000199865 00000 n 0000200147 00000 n 0000200206 00000 n 0000200265 00000 n 0000200324 00000 n 0000200356 00000 n
0000200661 00000 n 0000200836 00000 n 0000201011 00000 n 0000201316 00000 n 0000201375 00000 n 0000201550 00000 n
0000201809 00000 n 0000202053 00000 n 0000202229 00000 n 0000202404 00000 n 0000202924 00000 n 0000203233 00000 n
0000203515 00000 n 0000204035 00000 n 0000204293 00000 n 0000204468 00000 n 0000204527 00000 n 0000204836 00000 n
0000205118 00000 n 0000205638 00000 n 0000205903 00000 n 0000206169 00000 n 0000206346 00000 n 0000206607 00000 n
0000206891 00000 n 0000207411 00000 n 0000207694 00000 n 0000208214 00000 n 0000208496 00000 n 0000208752 00000 n
0000209272 00000 n 0000209550 00000 n 0000209832 00000 n 0000210352 00000 n 0000210609 00000 n 0000210879 00000 n
0000211161 00000 n 0000211220 00000 n 0000211279 00000 n 0000211338 00000 n 0000211397 00000 n 0000211456 00000 n
0000211515 00000 n 0000211574 00000 n 0000211633 00000 n 0000211692 00000 n 0000211751 00000 n 0000211810 00000 n
0000211869 00000 n 0000211928 00000 n 0000211987 00000 n 0000212046 00000 n 0000212078 00000 n 0000212253 00000 n
0000212558 00000 n 0000212733 00000 n 0000213038 00000 n 0000213213 00000 n 0000213522 00000 n 0000213697 00000 n
0000213956 00000 n 0000214132 00000 n 0000214376 00000 n 0000214551 00000 n 0000214860 00000 n 0000215380 00000 n
0000215662 00000 n 0000215920 00000 n 0000216440 00000 n 0000216722 00000 n 0000216978 00000 n 0000217498 00000 n
0000217780 00000 n 0000218038 00000 n 0000218558 00000 n 0000218840 00000 n 0000219110 00000 n 0000219630 00000 n
0000219912 00000 n 0000220190 00000 n 0000220710 00000 n 0000220992 00000 n 0000221264 00000 n 0000221784 00000 n
0000222066 00000 n 0000222332 00000 n 0000222852 00000 n 0000223134 00000 n 0000223418 00000 n 0000223938 00000 n
0000224220 00000 n 0000224486 00000 n 0000225006 00000 n 0000225288 00000 n 0000225576 00000 n 0000226096 00000 n
0000226378 00000 n 0000226658 00000 n 0000227178 00000 n 0000227460 00000 n 0000227718 00000 n 0000228238 00000 n
0000228520 00000 n 0000228777 00000 n 0000229297 00000 n 0000229579 00000 n 0000229854 00000 n 0000230374 00000 n
0000230656 00000 n 0000230921 00000 n 0000231441 00000 n 0000231723 00000 n 0000232020 00000 n 0000232540 00000 n
0000232822 00000 n 0000233081 00000 n 0000233601 00000 n 0000233883 00000 n 0000234144 00000 n 0000234664 00000 n
0000234946 00000 n 0000235219 00000 n 0000235739 00000 n 0000236021 00000 n 0000236332 00000 n 0000236852 00000 n
0000237134 00000 n 0000237425 00000 n 0000237945 00000 n 0000238227 00000 n 0000238510 00000 n 0000239030 00000 n
0000239312 00000 n 0000239570 00000 n 0000239747 00000 n 0000239984 00000 n 0000240016 00000 n 0000240048 00000 n
0000240080 00000 n 0000240112 00000 n 0000240144 00000 n 0000240176 00000 n 0000240235 00000 n 0000240294 00000 n
0000240353 00000 n 0000240412 00000 n 0000240471 00000 n 0000240530 00000 n 0000240589 00000 n 0000240648 00000 n
0000240680 00000 n 0000240712 00000 n 0000240771 00000 n 0000240830 00000 n 0000240889 00000 n 0000240948 00000 n
0000241007 00000 n 0000241066 00000 n 0000241125 00000 n 0000241184 00000 n 0000241243 00000 n 0000241302 00000 n
0000241361 00000 n 0000241420 00000 n 0000241479 00000 n 0000241538 00000 n 0000241597 00000 n 0000241656 00000 n
0000241715 00000 n 0000241774 00000 n 0000241833 00000 n 0000241892 00000 n 0000241951 00000 n 0000242010 00000 n
0000242069 00000 n 0000242101 00000 n 0000242276 00000 n 0000242583 00000 n 0000242758 00000 n 0000243065 00000 n
0000243240 00000 n 0000243551 00000 n 0000243726 00000 n 0000243986 00000 n 0000244162 00000 n 0000244407 00000 n
0000244582 00000 n 0000244893 00000 n 0000245413 00000 n 0000245695 00000 n 0000245954 00000 n 0000246474 00000 n
0000246756 00000 n 0000247014 00000 n 0000247534 00000 n 0000247816 00000 n 0000248076 00000 n 0000248596 00000 n
0000248878 00000 n 0000249150 00000 n 0000249670 00000 n 0000249952 00000 n 0000250232 00000 n 0000250752 00000 n
0000251034 00000 n 0000251310 00000 n 0000251830 00000 n 0000252112 00000 n 0000252380 00000 n 0000252900 00000 n
0000253182 00000 n 0000253468 00000 n 0000253988 00000 n 0000254270 00000 n 0000254538 00000 n 0000255058 00000 n
0000255340 00000 n 0000255630 00000 n 0000256150 00000 n 0000256432 00000 n 0000256714 00000 n 0000257234 00000 n
0000257516 00000 n 0000257776 00000 n 0000258296 00000 n 0000258578 00000 n 0000258837 00000 n 0000259357 00000 n
0000259639 00000 n 0000259916 00000 n 0000260436 00000 n 0000260718 00000 n 0000260985 00000 n 0000261505 00000 n
0000261787 00000 n 0000262086 00000 n 0000262606 00000 n 0000262888 00000 n 0000263149 00000 n 0000263669 00000 n
0000263951 00000 n 0000264214 00000 n 0000264734 00000 n 0000265016 00000 n 0000265291 00000 n 0000265811 00000 n
0000266093 00000 n 0000266406 00000 n 0000266926 00000 n 0000267208 00000 n 0000267501 00000 n 0000268021 00000 n
0000268303 00000 n 0000268588 00000 n 0000269108 00000 n 0000269390 00000 n 0000269649 00000 n 0000269826 00000 n
0000270064 00000 n 0000270096 00000 n 0000270128 00000 n 0000270160 00000 n 0000270192 00000 n 0000270236 00000 n
0000271201 00000 n 0000272372 00000 n 0000272460 00000 n 0000272697 00000 n 0000274787 00000 n 0000276046 00000 n
0000277513 00000 n 0000278923 00000 n 0000279824 00000 n 0000280426 00000 n 0000280964 00000 n 0000281502 00000 n
0000282040 00000 n 0000282578 00000 n 0000282658 00000 n 0000285756 00000 n 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
trailer <</Size 958/ID[<5E6AEE142693460693D24C3448D69E78><23B58BABDE164FB98D001C9E8DC4FCA3>]>> startxref 116 %%EOF
Title: 
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/static/33342f49064800bb364191bae36b5d97/FY-Apply-College-What-is-Common-App.pdf 
<>/Metadata 2 0 R/OpenAction 66 0 R/PageLayout/SinglePage/Pages 62 0 R/StructTreeRoot 6 0
R/Type/Catalog/ViewerPreferences<>>> endobj 66 0 obj <> endobj 67 0 obj
<>/PageTransformationMatrixList<>/PageUIDList<>/PageWidthList<>>>>>/Resources<>/ExtGState<>/Font<>/Pattern<>/ProcSet[/PD
F/Text]/Properties<>/Shading<>>>/Rotate 0/StructParents 0/Tabs/S/TrimBox[0.0 0.0 612.0 792.0]/Type/Page>> endobj 68 0
endstream endobj 73 0 obj <>stream
endstream endobj 80 0 obj <>stream
Print Gaby Brink 2019-04-15T22:09:10-07:00 2019-04-15T22:09:10-07:00 2019-04-15T22:09:10-07:00 Adobe Illustrator CC
22.0 (Macintosh) xmp.iid:748eb9ba-88e2-4710-b64c-aacdfa58c3d9 xmp.did:748eb9ba-88e2-4710-b64c-aacdfa58c3d9
uuid:5D20892493BFDB11914A8590D31508C8 proof:pdf xmp.iid:e243af5b-1d84-4171-8a29-c1832417ce51
xmp.did:e243af5b-1d84-4171-8a29-c1832417ce51 uuid:5D20892493BFDB11914A8590D31508C8 proof:pdf saved
xmp.iid:7b2c22e5-0d12-4ec6-828b-42c63f277985 2019-02-25T18:17:38-08:00 Adobe Illustrator CC 22.0 (Macintosh) / saved
xmp.iid:f3fc36b1-44ae-4ba9-b7b6-8d9700643b98 2019-02-26T09:35:44-08:00 Adobe Illustrator CC 22.0 (Macintosh) /
converted from application/postscript to application/vnd.adobe.illustrator saved
xmp.iid:1c48f2e7-3780-43dc-99bb-cb60450a0b51 2019-03-22T15:34:35-07:00 Adobe Illustrator CC 22.0 (Macintosh) /
converted from application/postscript to application/vnd.adobe.illustrator converted from application/postscript to
application/vnd.adobe.illustrator converted from application/postscript to application/vnd.adobe.illustrator converted
from application/postscript to application/vnd.adobe.illustrator saved xmp.iid:36c0a0bc-9cd5-4938-99bc-e60c55b22970
2019-04-15T22:07:40-07:00 Adobe Illustrator CC 22.0 (Macintosh) / saved xmp.iid:748eb9ba-88e2-4710-b64c-aacdfa58c3d9
2019-04-15T22:09:10-07:00 Adobe Illustrator CC 22.0 (Macintosh) / Print False False 1 792.000000 612.000000 Points Cyan
Magenta Yellow Black Default Swatch Group 0 White RGB PROCESS 255 255 255 Black RGB PROCESS 35 31 32 CMYK Red RGB
PROCESS 236 28 36 CMYK Yellow RGB PROCESS 255 241 0 CMYK Green RGB PROCESS 0 165 81 CMYK Cyan RGB PROCESS 0 173 238
CMYK Blue RGB PROCESS 46 49 145 CMYK Magenta RGB PROCESS 235 0 139 C=15 M=100 Y=90 K=10 RGB PROCESS 190 30 45 C=0 M=90
Y=85 K=0 RGB PROCESS 238 64 54 C=0 M=80 Y=95 K=0 RGB PROCESS 240 90 40 C=0 M=50 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 246 146 30 C=0
M=35 Y=85 K=0 RGB PROCESS 250 175 64 C=5 M=0 Y=90 K=0 RGB PROCESS 249 236 49 C=20 M=0 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 214 222 35
C=50 M=0 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 139 197 63 C=75 M=0 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 55 179 74 C=85 M=10 Y=100 K=10 RGB PROCESS 0
147 69 C=90 M=30 Y=95 K=30 RGB PROCESS 0 104 56 C=75 M=0 Y=75 K=0 RGB PROCESS 41 180 115 C=80 M=10 Y=45 K=0 RGB PROCESS
0 166 156 C=70 M=15 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 37 169 224 C=85 M=50 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 27 117 187 C=100 M=95 Y=5 K=0 RGB
PROCESS 43 56 143 C=100 M=100 Y=25 K=25 RGB PROCESS 38 34 97 C=75 M=100 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 101 45 144 C=50 M=100 Y=0
K=0 RGB PROCESS 144 39 142 C=35 M=100 Y=35 K=10 RGB PROCESS 158 31 99 C=10 M=100 Y=50 K=0 RGB PROCESS 217 28 92 C=0
M=95 Y=20 K=0 RGB PROCESS 236 41 123 C=25 M=25 Y=40 K=0 RGB PROCESS 193 180 154 C=40 M=45 Y=50 K=5 RGB PROCESS 154 132
121 C=50 M=50 Y=60 K=25 RGB PROCESS 113 101 88 C=55 M=60 Y=65 K=40 RGB PROCESS 90 74 66 C=25 M=40 Y=65 K=0 RGB PROCESS
195 153 107 C=30 M=50 Y=75 K=10 RGB PROCESS 168 124 79 C=35 M=60 Y=80 K=25 RGB PROCESS 138 93 59 C=40 M=65 Y=90 K=35
RGB PROCESS 117 76 40 C=40 M=70 Y=100 K=50 RGB PROCESS 96 56 19 C=50 M=70 Y=80 K=70 RGB PROCESS 59 35 20 Grays 1 C=0
M=0 Y=0 K=100 RGB PROCESS 35 31 32 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=90 RGB PROCESS 64 64 65 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=80 RGB PROCESS 88 89 91 C=0 M=0
Y=0 K=70 RGB PROCESS 109 110 112 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=60 RGB PROCESS 128 129 132 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=50 RGB PROCESS 146 148 151 C=0
M=0 Y=0 K=40 RGB PROCESS 166 168 171 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=30 RGB PROCESS 187 189 191 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=20 RGB PROCESS 208 210 211
C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=10 RGB PROCESS 230 231 232 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=5 RGB PROCESS 241 241 242 Brights 1 C=0 M=100 Y=100 K=0 RGB
PROCESS 236 28 36 C=0 M=75 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 241 101 34 C=0 M=10 Y=95 K=0 RGB PROCESS 255 221 21 C=85 M=10 Y=100
K=0 RGB PROCESS 0 161 75 C=100 M=90 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 34 64 153 C=60 M=90 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 127 63 151 Adobe PDF
2023-09-22T14:39:34-05:00 Adobe InDesign 18.4 (Macintosh) uuid:0aa4dd06-b8c6-42c1-a7df-aa129f1d5a17
xmp.did:92db5277-9d80-48df-91f5-64b1a9203f29 xmp.id:194cc9c0-e40f-4804-9018-7d93c11384ee proof:pdf
xmp.iid:c736c736-5e89-4594-b97e-d2f29a188a94 xmp.did:1194f940-547c-440c-9ecc-0c2f22263469
xmp.did:92db5277-9d80-48df-91f5-64b1a9203f29 default converted from application/x-indesign to application/pdf Adobe
InDesign 18.4 (Macintosh) / 2023-07-13T13:50:12-04:00 True commonapp.org Adobe PDF Library 17.0 False endstream endobj
<>/Filter/FlateDecode/ID[<0C6DB2047FB1A64AA21AFB772B1A9D0C>]/Info 63 0 R/Length 54/Root 65 0 R/Size 64/Type/XRef/W[1 3
Title: 
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/static/054154bf6444d4d44043991cc6f73986/FY_Essays_CAReady_2021.07%20(1)_0.pdf 
00000 n 0000004831 00000 n 0000005238 00000 n 0000005475 00000 n 0000005881 00000 n 0000005918 00000 n 0000006251 00000
n 0000006365 00000 n 0000006477 00000 n 0000007601 00000 n 0000008569 00000 n 0000009137 00000 n 0000009613 00000 n
0000010152 00000 n 0000010253 00000 n 0000011522 00000 n 0000012424 00000 n 0000013420 00000 n 0000014470 00000 n
0000015456 00000 n 0000016379 00000 n 0000020398 00000 n 0000023047 00000 n 0000024891 00000 n 0000024919 00000 n
0000025039 00000 n 0000025136 00000 n 0000025282 00000 n 0000025384 00000 n 0000025894 00000 n 0000026147 00000 n
0000058252 00000 n 0000058291 00000 n 0000090328 00000 n 0000090367 00000 n 0000122404 00000 n 0000122443 00000 n
0000122854 00000 n 0000123362 00000 n 0000126927 00000 n 0000130811 00000 n 0000131486 00000 n 0000001612 00000 n
0000001236 00000 n trailer <<487FDA38DE904479B002C1F580BACC17>]/Prev 418670/XRefStm 1612>> startxref 0 %%EOF 315 0 obj
endstream endobj 270 0 obj <>/Metadata 38 0 R/OpenAction 271 0 R/Outlines 33 0 R/PageLayout/SinglePage/Pages 37 0
R/StructTreeRoot 40 0 R/Type/Catalog/ViewerPreferences<>>> endobj 271 0 obj <> endobj 272 0 obj
</LastModified/NumberOfPageItemsInPage 20/NumberofPages
1/OriginalDocumentID/PageItemUIDToLocationDataMap<>/PageTransformationMatrixList<>/PageUIDList<>/PageWidthList<>>>>>/Res
ources<>/ExtGState<>/Font<>/ProcSet[/PDF/Text]/Properties<>/XObject<>>>/Rotate 0/StructParents 0/TrimBox[0.0 0.0 612.0
endobj 295 0 obj [/Pattern] endobj 296 0 obj <> endobj 297 0 obj <> endobj 298 0 obj <> endobj 299 0 obj <> endobj 300
application/postscript CA_illustrations (Michelle Sinofsky) 2021-01-28T12:37:12-05:00 2021-01-28T12:37:12-05:00
2021-01-28T12:37:12-05:00 Adobe Illustrator 25.1 (Macintosh) xmp.iid:8683c590-de00-4efc-8304-dfb23ef2e766
xmp.did:8683c590-de00-4efc-8304-dfb23ef2e766 uuid:5D20892493BFDB11914A8590D31508C8 proof:pdf
xmp.iid:3ac48ff2-f19d-4ecf-8b47-e84e5c76f868 xmp.did:3ac48ff2-f19d-4ecf-8b47-e84e5c76f868
uuid:5D20892493BFDB11914A8590D31508C8 proof:pdf saved xmp.iid:1bd48f8a-009d-41fc-a76c-e828f44558e0
2019-05-17T15:49:12-07:00 Adobe Illustrator CC 23.0 (Macintosh) / saved xmp.iid:3ac48ff2-f19d-4ecf-8b47-e84e5c76f868
2020-12-31T10:24:47-05:00 Adobe Illustrator 25.0 (Macintosh) / converted from application/postscript to
application/vnd.adobe.illustrator saved xmp.iid:8683c590-de00-4efc-8304-dfb23ef2e766 2021-01-28T12:37:12-05:00 Adobe
Illustrator 25.1 (Macintosh) / Print AIRobin Adobe PDF library 15.00 1 False False 236.872373 242.137977 Pixels
NeutrifStudio-ExtraBold Neutrif Studio ExtraBold Open Type Version 2.000;PS 002.000;hotconv 1.0.88;makeotf.lib2.5.64775
False Neutrif-Studio-ExtraBold.otf Cyan Magenta Default Swatch Group 0 White RGB PROCESS 255 255 255 Black RGB PROCESS
35 31 32 CMYK Red RGB PROCESS 236 28 36 CMYK Yellow RGB PROCESS 255 241 0 CMYK Green RGB PROCESS 0 165 81 CMYK Cyan RGB
PROCESS 0 173 238 CMYK Blue RGB PROCESS 46 49 145 CMYK Magenta RGB PROCESS 235 0 139 C=15 M=100 Y=90 K=10 RGB PROCESS
190 30 45 C=0 M=90 Y=85 K=0 RGB PROCESS 238 64 54 C=0 M=80 Y=95 K=0 RGB PROCESS 240 90 40 C=0 M=50 Y=100 K=0 RGB
PROCESS 246 146 30 C=0 M=35 Y=85 K=0 RGB PROCESS 250 175 64 C=5 M=0 Y=90 K=0 RGB PROCESS 249 236 49 C=20 M=0 Y=100 K=0
RGB PROCESS 214 222 35 C=50 M=0 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 139 197 63 C=75 M=0 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 55 179 74 C=85 M=10
Y=100 K=10 RGB PROCESS 0 147 69 C=90 M=30 Y=95 K=30 RGB PROCESS 0 104 56 C=75 M=0 Y=75 K=0 RGB PROCESS 41 180 115 C=80
M=10 Y=45 K=0 RGB PROCESS 0 166 156 C=70 M=15 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 37 169 224 C=85 M=50 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 27 117 187
C=100 M=95 Y=5 K=0 RGB PROCESS 43 56 143 C=100 M=100 Y=25 K=25 RGB PROCESS 38 34 97 C=75 M=100 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 101
45 144 C=50 M=100 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 144 39 142 C=35 M=100 Y=35 K=10 RGB PROCESS 158 31 99 C=10 M=100 Y=50 K=0 RGB
PROCESS 217 28 92 C=0 M=95 Y=20 K=0 RGB PROCESS 236 41 123 C=25 M=25 Y=40 K=0 RGB PROCESS 193 180 154 C=40 M=45 Y=50
K=5 RGB PROCESS 154 132 121 C=50 M=50 Y=60 K=25 RGB PROCESS 113 101 88 C=55 M=60 Y=65 K=40 RGB PROCESS 90 74 66 C=25
M=40 Y=65 K=0 RGB PROCESS 195 153 107 C=30 M=50 Y=75 K=10 RGB PROCESS 168 124 79 C=35 M=60 Y=80 K=25 RGB PROCESS 138 93
59 C=40 M=65 Y=90 K=35 RGB PROCESS 117 76 40 C=40 M=70 Y=100 K=50 RGB PROCESS 96 56 19 C=50 M=70 Y=80 K=70 RGB PROCESS
59 35 20 Grays 1 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=100 RGB PROCESS 35 31 32 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=90 RGB PROCESS 64 64 65 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=80 RGB
PROCESS 88 89 91 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=70 RGB PROCESS 109 110 112 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=60 RGB PROCESS 128 129 132 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=50 RGB
PROCESS 146 148 151 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=40 RGB PROCESS 166 168 171 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=30 RGB PROCESS 187 189 191 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=20
RGB PROCESS 208 210 211 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=10 RGB PROCESS 230 231 232 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=5 RGB PROCESS 241 241 242 Brights 1 C=0
M=100 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 236 28 36 C=0 M=75 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 241 101 34 C=0 M=10 Y=95 K=0 RGB PROCESS 255 221
21 C=85 M=10 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 0 161 75 C=100 M=90 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 34 64 153 C=60 M=90 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 127
63 151 endstream endobj 303 0 obj <> endobj 304 0 obj <>stream application/postscript Common App_90_90_All_Icons
(Michelle Sinofsky) 2021-07-30T09:55:12-04:00 2021-07-30T09:55:12-04:00 2021-07-30T09:55:12-04:00 Adobe Illustrator
25.3 (Macintosh) xmp.iid:134d7900-ec13-4836-b303-566d1f92975b xmp.did:134d7900-ec13-4836-b303-566d1f92975b
uuid:5D20892493BFDB11914A8590D31508C8 proof:pdf xmp.iid:086ec764-0e50-4260-a1e4-7ded7b4efd96
xmp.did:086ec764-0e50-4260-a1e4-7ded7b4efd96 uuid:5D20892493BFDB11914A8590D31508C8 proof:pdf saved
xmp.iid:e2b49cb1-df0b-4fc0-b3fd-ed2c9eacff64 2019-03-25T17:00:58-07:00 Adobe Illustrator CC 23.0 (Macintosh) / saved
xmp.iid:3eb18a9a-f0cd-4ebc-a908-097ce98e5616 2020-12-31T12:36:47-05:00 Adobe Illustrator 25.0 (Macintosh) / converted
from application/postscript to application/vnd.adobe.illustrator saved xmp.iid:086ec764-0e50-4260-a1e4-7ded7b4efd96
2021-01-11T17:36:52-05:00 Adobe Illustrator 25.0 (Macintosh) / converted from application/postscript to
application/vnd.adobe.illustrator saved xmp.iid:134d7900-ec13-4836-b303-566d1f92975b 2021-07-30T09:55:12-04:00 Adobe
Illustrator 25.3 (Macintosh) / Print AIRobin False False 1 24.000000 40.000000 Pixels Cyan Magenta Default Swatch Group
0 White RGB PROCESS 255 255 255 Black RGB PROCESS 35 31 32 CMYK Red RGB PROCESS 236 28 36 CMYK Yellow RGB PROCESS 255
241 0 CMYK Green RGB PROCESS 0 165 81 CMYK Cyan RGB PROCESS 0 173 238 CMYK Blue RGB PROCESS 46 49 145 CMYK Magenta RGB
PROCESS 235 0 139 C=15 M=100 Y=90 K=10 RGB PROCESS 190 30 45 C=0 M=90 Y=85 K=0 RGB PROCESS 238 64 54 C=0 M=80 Y=95 K=0
RGB PROCESS 240 90 40 C=0 M=50 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 246 146 30 C=0 M=35 Y=85 K=0 RGB PROCESS 250 175 64 C=5 M=0 Y=90
K=0 RGB PROCESS 249 236 49 C=20 M=0 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 214 222 35 C=50 M=0 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 139 197 63 C=75 M=0
Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 55 179 74 C=85 M=10 Y=100 K=10 RGB PROCESS 0 147 69 C=90 M=30 Y=95 K=30 RGB PROCESS 0 104 56 C=75
M=0 Y=75 K=0 RGB PROCESS 41 180 115 C=80 M=10 Y=45 K=0 RGB PROCESS 0 166 156 C=70 M=15 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 37 169 224
C=85 M=50 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 27 117 187 C=100 M=95 Y=5 K=0 RGB PROCESS 43 56 143 C=100 M=100 Y=25 K=25 RGB PROCESS 38
34 97 C=75 M=100 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 101 45 144 C=50 M=100 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 144 39 142 C=35 M=100 Y=35 K=10 RGB
PROCESS 158 31 99 C=10 M=100 Y=50 K=0 RGB PROCESS 217 28 92 C=0 M=95 Y=20 K=0 RGB PROCESS 236 41 123 C=25 M=25 Y=40 K=0
RGB PROCESS 193 180 154 C=40 M=45 Y=50 K=5 RGB PROCESS 154 132 121 C=50 M=50 Y=60 K=25 RGB PROCESS 113 101 88 C=55 M=60
Y=65 K=40 RGB PROCESS 90 74 66 C=25 M=40 Y=65 K=0 RGB PROCESS 195 153 107 C=30 M=50 Y=75 K=10 RGB PROCESS 168 124 79
C=35 M=60 Y=80 K=25 RGB PROCESS 138 93 59 C=40 M=65 Y=90 K=35 RGB PROCESS 117 76 40 C=40 M=70 Y=100 K=50 RGB PROCESS 96
56 19 C=50 M=70 Y=80 K=70 RGB PROCESS 59 35 20 Grays 1 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=100 RGB PROCESS 35 31 32 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=90 RGB
PROCESS 64 64 65 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=80 RGB PROCESS 88 89 91 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=70 RGB PROCESS 109 110 112 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=60 RGB
PROCESS 128 129 132 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=50 RGB PROCESS 146 148 151 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=40 RGB PROCESS 166 168 171 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=30
RGB PROCESS 187 189 191 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=20 RGB PROCESS 208 210 211 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=10 RGB PROCESS 230 231 232 C=0 M=0 Y=0
K=5 RGB PROCESS 241 241 242 Brights 1 C=0 M=100 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 236 28 36 C=0 M=75 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 241 101
34 C=0 M=10 Y=95 K=0 RGB PROCESS 255 221 21 C=85 M=10 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 0 161 75 C=100 M=90 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 34
64 153 C=60 M=90 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 127 63 151 Adobe PDF library 15.00 endstream endobj 305 0 obj <> endobj 306 0 obj
<>stream application/postscript Common App_90_90_All_Icons (Michelle Sinofsky) 2021-07-30T09:55:12-04:00
2021-07-30T09:55:12-04:00 2021-07-30T09:55:12-04:00 Adobe Illustrator 25.3 (Macintosh)
xmp.iid:134d7900-ec13-4836-b303-566d1f92975b xmp.did:134d7900-ec13-4836-b303-566d1f92975b
uuid:5D20892493BFDB11914A8590D31508C8 proof:pdf xmp.iid:086ec764-0e50-4260-a1e4-7ded7b4efd96
xmp.did:086ec764-0e50-4260-a1e4-7ded7b4efd96 uuid:5D20892493BFDB11914A8590D31508C8 proof:pdf saved
xmp.iid:e2b49cb1-df0b-4fc0-b3fd-ed2c9eacff64 2019-03-25T17:00:58-07:00 Adobe Illustrator CC 23.0 (Macintosh) / saved
xmp.iid:3eb18a9a-f0cd-4ebc-a908-097ce98e5616 2020-12-31T12:36:47-05:00 Adobe Illustrator 25.0 (Macintosh) / converted
from application/postscript to application/vnd.adobe.illustrator saved xmp.iid:086ec764-0e50-4260-a1e4-7ded7b4efd96
2021-01-11T17:36:52-05:00 Adobe Illustrator 25.0 (Macintosh) / converted from application/postscript to
application/vnd.adobe.illustrator saved xmp.iid:134d7900-ec13-4836-b303-566d1f92975b 2021-07-30T09:55:12-04:00 Adobe
Illustrator 25.3 (Macintosh) / Print AIRobin False False 1 24.000000 40.000000 Pixels Cyan Magenta Default Swatch Group
0 White RGB PROCESS 255 255 255 Black RGB PROCESS 35 31 32 CMYK Red RGB PROCESS 236 28 36 CMYK Yellow RGB PROCESS 255
241 0 CMYK Green RGB PROCESS 0 165 81 CMYK Cyan RGB PROCESS 0 173 238 CMYK Blue RGB PROCESS 46 49 145 CMYK Magenta RGB
PROCESS 235 0 139 C=15 M=100 Y=90 K=10 RGB PROCESS 190 30 45 C=0 M=90 Y=85 K=0 RGB PROCESS 238 64 54 C=0 M=80 Y=95 K=0
RGB PROCESS 240 90 40 C=0 M=50 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 246 146 30 C=0 M=35 Y=85 K=0 RGB PROCESS 250 175 64 C=5 M=0 Y=90
K=0 RGB PROCESS 249 236 49 C=20 M=0 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 214 222 35 C=50 M=0 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 139 197 63 C=75 M=0
Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 55 179 74 C=85 M=10 Y=100 K=10 RGB PROCESS 0 147 69 C=90 M=30 Y=95 K=30 RGB PROCESS 0 104 56 C=75
M=0 Y=75 K=0 RGB PROCESS 41 180 115 C=80 M=10 Y=45 K=0 RGB PROCESS 0 166 156 C=70 M=15 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 37 169 224
C=85 M=50 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 27 117 187 C=100 M=95 Y=5 K=0 RGB PROCESS 43 56 143 C=100 M=100 Y=25 K=25 RGB PROCESS 38
34 97 C=75 M=100 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 101 45 144 C=50 M=100 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 144 39 142 C=35 M=100 Y=35 K=10 RGB
PROCESS 158 31 99 C=10 M=100 Y=50 K=0 RGB PROCESS 217 28 92 C=0 M=95 Y=20 K=0 RGB PROCESS 236 41 123 C=25 M=25 Y=40 K=0
RGB PROCESS 193 180 154 C=40 M=45 Y=50 K=5 RGB PROCESS 154 132 121 C=50 M=50 Y=60 K=25 RGB PROCESS 113 101 88 C=55 M=60
Y=65 K=40 RGB PROCESS 90 74 66 C=25 M=40 Y=65 K=0 RGB PROCESS 195 153 107 C=30 M=50 Y=75 K=10 RGB PROCESS 168 124 79
C=35 M=60 Y=80 K=25 RGB PROCESS 138 93 59 C=40 M=65 Y=90 K=35 RGB PROCESS 117 76 40 C=40 M=70 Y=100 K=50 RGB PROCESS 96
56 19 C=50 M=70 Y=80 K=70 RGB PROCESS 59 35 20 Grays 1 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=100 RGB PROCESS 35 31 32 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=90 RGB
PROCESS 64 64 65 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=80 RGB PROCESS 88 89 91 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=70 RGB PROCESS 109 110 112 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=60 RGB
PROCESS 128 129 132 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=50 RGB PROCESS 146 148 151 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=40 RGB PROCESS 166 168 171 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=30
RGB PROCESS 187 189 191 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=20 RGB PROCESS 208 210 211 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=10 RGB PROCESS 230 231 232 C=0 M=0 Y=0
K=5 RGB PROCESS 241 241 242 Brights 1 C=0 M=100 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 236 28 36 C=0 M=75 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 241 101
34 C=0 M=10 Y=95 K=0 RGB PROCESS 255 221 21 C=85 M=10 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 0 161 75 C=100 M=90 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 34
64 153 C=60 M=90 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 127 63 151 Adobe PDF library 15.00 endstream endobj 307 0 obj <> endobj 308 0 obj
64/Intent/RelativeColorimetric/Length 3315/Name/X/Subtype/Image/Type/XObject/Width 228>>stream
64/Intent/RelativeColorimetric/Length 3623/Name/X/SMask 310 0 R/Subtype/Image/Type/XObject/Width 228>>stream
endstream endobj 312 0 obj <>/ExtGState<>/Font<>/Pattern<>/ProcSet[/PDF/Text/ImageC]/XObject<>>>/Subtype/Form>>stream
</LastModified/NumberOfPageItemsInPage 18/NumberofPages
1/OriginalDocumentID/PageItemUIDToLocationDataMap<>/PageTransformationMatrixList<>/PageUIDList<>/PageWidthList<>>>>>/Res
ources<>/ExtGState<>/Font<>/ProcSet[/PDF/Text]/Properties<>/XObject<>>>/Rotate 0/StructParents 1/TrimBox[0.0 0.0 612.0
endstream endobj 3 0 obj <>stream application/postscript CA_illustrations (Michelle Sinofsky) 2021-01-28T12:21:34-05:00
2021-01-28T12:21:34-05:00 2021-01-28T12:21:34-05:00 Adobe Illustrator 25.1 (Macintosh)
xmp.iid:06d9b39f-67f5-4a67-b18f-3d32d681e827 xmp.did:06d9b39f-67f5-4a67-b18f-3d32d681e827
uuid:5D20892493BFDB11914A8590D31508C8 proof:pdf xmp.iid:3ac48ff2-f19d-4ecf-8b47-e84e5c76f868
xmp.did:3ac48ff2-f19d-4ecf-8b47-e84e5c76f868 uuid:5D20892493BFDB11914A8590D31508C8 proof:pdf saved
xmp.iid:1bd48f8a-009d-41fc-a76c-e828f44558e0 2019-05-17T15:49:12-07:00 Adobe Illustrator CC 23.0 (Macintosh) / saved
xmp.iid:3ac48ff2-f19d-4ecf-8b47-e84e5c76f868 2020-12-31T10:24:47-05:00 Adobe Illustrator 25.0 (Macintosh) / converted
from application/postscript to application/vnd.adobe.illustrator saved xmp.iid:06d9b39f-67f5-4a67-b18f-3d32d681e827
2021-01-28T12:21:34-05:00 Adobe Illustrator 25.1 (Macintosh) / Print AIRobin Adobe PDF library 15.00 1 False False
251.312746 226.519740 Pixels Cyan Magenta Default Swatch Group 0 White RGB PROCESS 255 255 255 Black RGB PROCESS 35 31
32 CMYK Red RGB PROCESS 236 28 36 CMYK Yellow RGB PROCESS 255 241 0 CMYK Green RGB PROCESS 0 165 81 CMYK Cyan RGB
PROCESS 0 173 238 CMYK Blue RGB PROCESS 46 49 145 CMYK Magenta RGB PROCESS 235 0 139 C=15 M=100 Y=90 K=10 RGB PROCESS
190 30 45 C=0 M=90 Y=85 K=0 RGB PROCESS 238 64 54 C=0 M=80 Y=95 K=0 RGB PROCESS 240 90 40 C=0 M=50 Y=100 K=0 RGB
PROCESS 246 146 30 C=0 M=35 Y=85 K=0 RGB PROCESS 250 175 64 C=5 M=0 Y=90 K=0 RGB PROCESS 249 236 49 C=20 M=0 Y=100 K=0
RGB PROCESS 214 222 35 C=50 M=0 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 139 197 63 C=75 M=0 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 55 179 74 C=85 M=10
Y=100 K=10 RGB PROCESS 0 147 69 C=90 M=30 Y=95 K=30 RGB PROCESS 0 104 56 C=75 M=0 Y=75 K=0 RGB PROCESS 41 180 115 C=80
M=10 Y=45 K=0 RGB PROCESS 0 166 156 C=70 M=15 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 37 169 224 C=85 M=50 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 27 117 187
C=100 M=95 Y=5 K=0 RGB PROCESS 43 56 143 C=100 M=100 Y=25 K=25 RGB PROCESS 38 34 97 C=75 M=100 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 101
45 144 C=50 M=100 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 144 39 142 C=35 M=100 Y=35 K=10 RGB PROCESS 158 31 99 C=10 M=100 Y=50 K=0 RGB
PROCESS 217 28 92 C=0 M=95 Y=20 K=0 RGB PROCESS 236 41 123 C=25 M=25 Y=40 K=0 RGB PROCESS 193 180 154 C=40 M=45 Y=50
K=5 RGB PROCESS 154 132 121 C=50 M=50 Y=60 K=25 RGB PROCESS 113 101 88 C=55 M=60 Y=65 K=40 RGB PROCESS 90 74 66 C=25
M=40 Y=65 K=0 RGB PROCESS 195 153 107 C=30 M=50 Y=75 K=10 RGB PROCESS 168 124 79 C=35 M=60 Y=80 K=25 RGB PROCESS 138 93
59 C=40 M=65 Y=90 K=35 RGB PROCESS 117 76 40 C=40 M=70 Y=100 K=50 RGB PROCESS 96 56 19 C=50 M=70 Y=80 K=70 RGB PROCESS
59 35 20 Grays 1 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=100 RGB PROCESS 35 31 32 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=90 RGB PROCESS 64 64 65 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=80 RGB
PROCESS 88 89 91 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=70 RGB PROCESS 109 110 112 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=60 RGB PROCESS 128 129 132 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=50 RGB
PROCESS 146 148 151 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=40 RGB PROCESS 166 168 171 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=30 RGB PROCESS 187 189 191 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=20
RGB PROCESS 208 210 211 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=10 RGB PROCESS 230 231 232 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=5 RGB PROCESS 241 241 242 Brights 1 C=0
M=100 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 236 28 36 C=0 M=75 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 241 101 34 C=0 M=10 Y=95 K=0 RGB PROCESS 255 221
21 C=85 M=10 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 0 161 75 C=100 M=90 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 34 64 153 C=60 M=90 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 127
63 151 endstream endobj 4 0 obj <> endobj 5 0 obj <>stream application/postscript Common App_90_90_All_Icons (Michelle
Sinofsky) 2021-07-30T09:55:12-04:00 2021-07-30T09:55:12-04:00 2021-07-30T09:55:12-04:00 Adobe Illustrator 25.3
(Macintosh) xmp.iid:134d7900-ec13-4836-b303-566d1f92975b xmp.did:134d7900-ec13-4836-b303-566d1f92975b
uuid:5D20892493BFDB11914A8590D31508C8 proof:pdf xmp.iid:086ec764-0e50-4260-a1e4-7ded7b4efd96
xmp.did:086ec764-0e50-4260-a1e4-7ded7b4efd96 uuid:5D20892493BFDB11914A8590D31508C8 proof:pdf saved
xmp.iid:e2b49cb1-df0b-4fc0-b3fd-ed2c9eacff64 2019-03-25T17:00:58-07:00 Adobe Illustrator CC 23.0 (Macintosh) / saved
xmp.iid:3eb18a9a-f0cd-4ebc-a908-097ce98e5616 2020-12-31T12:36:47-05:00 Adobe Illustrator 25.0 (Macintosh) / converted
from application/postscript to application/vnd.adobe.illustrator saved xmp.iid:086ec764-0e50-4260-a1e4-7ded7b4efd96
2021-01-11T17:36:52-05:00 Adobe Illustrator 25.0 (Macintosh) / converted from application/postscript to
application/vnd.adobe.illustrator saved xmp.iid:134d7900-ec13-4836-b303-566d1f92975b 2021-07-30T09:55:12-04:00 Adobe
Illustrator 25.3 (Macintosh) / Print AIRobin False False 1 24.000000 40.000000 Pixels Cyan Magenta Default Swatch Group
0 White RGB PROCESS 255 255 255 Black RGB PROCESS 35 31 32 CMYK Red RGB PROCESS 236 28 36 CMYK Yellow RGB PROCESS 255
241 0 CMYK Green RGB PROCESS 0 165 81 CMYK Cyan RGB PROCESS 0 173 238 CMYK Blue RGB PROCESS 46 49 145 CMYK Magenta RGB
PROCESS 235 0 139 C=15 M=100 Y=90 K=10 RGB PROCESS 190 30 45 C=0 M=90 Y=85 K=0 RGB PROCESS 238 64 54 C=0 M=80 Y=95 K=0
RGB PROCESS 240 90 40 C=0 M=50 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 246 146 30 C=0 M=35 Y=85 K=0 RGB PROCESS 250 175 64 C=5 M=0 Y=90
K=0 RGB PROCESS 249 236 49 C=20 M=0 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 214 222 35 C=50 M=0 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 139 197 63 C=75 M=0
Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 55 179 74 C=85 M=10 Y=100 K=10 RGB PROCESS 0 147 69 C=90 M=30 Y=95 K=30 RGB PROCESS 0 104 56 C=75
M=0 Y=75 K=0 RGB PROCESS 41 180 115 C=80 M=10 Y=45 K=0 RGB PROCESS 0 166 156 C=70 M=15 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 37 169 224
C=85 M=50 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 27 117 187 C=100 M=95 Y=5 K=0 RGB PROCESS 43 56 143 C=100 M=100 Y=25 K=25 RGB PROCESS 38
34 97 C=75 M=100 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 101 45 144 C=50 M=100 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 144 39 142 C=35 M=100 Y=35 K=10 RGB
PROCESS 158 31 99 C=10 M=100 Y=50 K=0 RGB PROCESS 217 28 92 C=0 M=95 Y=20 K=0 RGB PROCESS 236 41 123 C=25 M=25 Y=40 K=0
RGB PROCESS 193 180 154 C=40 M=45 Y=50 K=5 RGB PROCESS 154 132 121 C=50 M=50 Y=60 K=25 RGB PROCESS 113 101 88 C=55 M=60
Y=65 K=40 RGB PROCESS 90 74 66 C=25 M=40 Y=65 K=0 RGB PROCESS 195 153 107 C=30 M=50 Y=75 K=10 RGB PROCESS 168 124 79
C=35 M=60 Y=80 K=25 RGB PROCESS 138 93 59 C=40 M=65 Y=90 K=35 RGB PROCESS 117 76 40 C=40 M=70 Y=100 K=50 RGB PROCESS 96
56 19 C=50 M=70 Y=80 K=70 RGB PROCESS 59 35 20 Grays 1 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=100 RGB PROCESS 35 31 32 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=90 RGB
PROCESS 64 64 65 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=80 RGB PROCESS 88 89 91 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=70 RGB PROCESS 109 110 112 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=60 RGB
PROCESS 128 129 132 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=50 RGB PROCESS 146 148 151 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=40 RGB PROCESS 166 168 171 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=30
RGB PROCESS 187 189 191 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=20 RGB PROCESS 208 210 211 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=10 RGB PROCESS 230 231 232 C=0 M=0 Y=0
K=5 RGB PROCESS 241 241 242 Brights 1 C=0 M=100 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 236 28 36 C=0 M=75 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 241 101
34 C=0 M=10 Y=95 K=0 RGB PROCESS 255 221 21 C=85 M=10 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 0 161 75 C=100 M=90 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 34
64 153 C=60 M=90 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 127 63 151 Adobe PDF library 15.00 endstream endobj 6 0 obj <> endobj 7 0 obj
<>stream application/postscript Common App_90_90_All_Icons (Michelle Sinofsky) 2021-07-30T09:55:12-04:00
2021-07-30T09:55:12-04:00 2021-07-30T09:55:12-04:00 Adobe Illustrator 25.3 (Macintosh)
xmp.iid:134d7900-ec13-4836-b303-566d1f92975b xmp.did:134d7900-ec13-4836-b303-566d1f92975b
uuid:5D20892493BFDB11914A8590D31508C8 proof:pdf xmp.iid:086ec764-0e50-4260-a1e4-7ded7b4efd96
xmp.did:086ec764-0e50-4260-a1e4-7ded7b4efd96 uuid:5D20892493BFDB11914A8590D31508C8 proof:pdf saved
xmp.iid:e2b49cb1-df0b-4fc0-b3fd-ed2c9eacff64 2019-03-25T17:00:58-07:00 Adobe Illustrator CC 23.0 (Macintosh) / saved
xmp.iid:3eb18a9a-f0cd-4ebc-a908-097ce98e5616 2020-12-31T12:36:47-05:00 Adobe Illustrator 25.0 (Macintosh) / converted
from application/postscript to application/vnd.adobe.illustrator saved xmp.iid:086ec764-0e50-4260-a1e4-7ded7b4efd96
2021-01-11T17:36:52-05:00 Adobe Illustrator 25.0 (Macintosh) / converted from application/postscript to
application/vnd.adobe.illustrator saved xmp.iid:134d7900-ec13-4836-b303-566d1f92975b 2021-07-30T09:55:12-04:00 Adobe
Illustrator 25.3 (Macintosh) / Print AIRobin False False 1 24.000000 40.000000 Pixels Cyan Magenta Default Swatch Group
0 White RGB PROCESS 255 255 255 Black RGB PROCESS 35 31 32 CMYK Red RGB PROCESS 236 28 36 CMYK Yellow RGB PROCESS 255
241 0 CMYK Green RGB PROCESS 0 165 81 CMYK Cyan RGB PROCESS 0 173 238 CMYK Blue RGB PROCESS 46 49 145 CMYK Magenta RGB
PROCESS 235 0 139 C=15 M=100 Y=90 K=10 RGB PROCESS 190 30 45 C=0 M=90 Y=85 K=0 RGB PROCESS 238 64 54 C=0 M=80 Y=95 K=0
RGB PROCESS 240 90 40 C=0 M=50 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 246 146 30 C=0 M=35 Y=85 K=0 RGB PROCESS 250 175 64 C=5 M=0 Y=90
K=0 RGB PROCESS 249 236 49 C=20 M=0 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 214 222 35 C=50 M=0 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 139 197 63 C=75 M=0
Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 55 179 74 C=85 M=10 Y=100 K=10 RGB PROCESS 0 147 69 C=90 M=30 Y=95 K=30 RGB PROCESS 0 104 56 C=75
M=0 Y=75 K=0 RGB PROCESS 41 180 115 C=80 M=10 Y=45 K=0 RGB PROCESS 0 166 156 C=70 M=15 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 37 169 224
C=85 M=50 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 27 117 187 C=100 M=95 Y=5 K=0 RGB PROCESS 43 56 143 C=100 M=100 Y=25 K=25 RGB PROCESS 38
34 97 C=75 M=100 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 101 45 144 C=50 M=100 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 144 39 142 C=35 M=100 Y=35 K=10 RGB
PROCESS 158 31 99 C=10 M=100 Y=50 K=0 RGB PROCESS 217 28 92 C=0 M=95 Y=20 K=0 RGB PROCESS 236 41 123 C=25 M=25 Y=40 K=0
RGB PROCESS 193 180 154 C=40 M=45 Y=50 K=5 RGB PROCESS 154 132 121 C=50 M=50 Y=60 K=25 RGB PROCESS 113 101 88 C=55 M=60
Y=65 K=40 RGB PROCESS 90 74 66 C=25 M=40 Y=65 K=0 RGB PROCESS 195 153 107 C=30 M=50 Y=75 K=10 RGB PROCESS 168 124 79
C=35 M=60 Y=80 K=25 RGB PROCESS 138 93 59 C=40 M=65 Y=90 K=35 RGB PROCESS 117 76 40 C=40 M=70 Y=100 K=50 RGB PROCESS 96
56 19 C=50 M=70 Y=80 K=70 RGB PROCESS 59 35 20 Grays 1 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=100 RGB PROCESS 35 31 32 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=90 RGB
PROCESS 64 64 65 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=80 RGB PROCESS 88 89 91 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=70 RGB PROCESS 109 110 112 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=60 RGB
PROCESS 128 129 132 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=50 RGB PROCESS 146 148 151 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=40 RGB PROCESS 166 168 171 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=30
RGB PROCESS 187 189 191 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=20 RGB PROCESS 208 210 211 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=10 RGB PROCESS 230 231 232 C=0 M=0 Y=0
K=5 RGB PROCESS 241 241 242 Brights 1 C=0 M=100 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 236 28 36 C=0 M=75 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 241 101
34 C=0 M=10 Y=95 K=0 RGB PROCESS 255 221 21 C=85 M=10 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 0 161 75 C=100 M=90 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 34
64 153 C=60 M=90 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 127 63 151 Adobe PDF library 15.00 endstream endobj 8 0 obj <> endobj 9 0 obj <>
endobj 10 0 obj </LastModified/NumberOfPageItemsInPage 18/NumberofPages
1/OriginalDocumentID/PageItemUIDToLocationDataMap<>/PageTransformationMatrixList<>/PageUIDList<>/PageWidthList<>>>>>/Res
ources<>/ExtGState<>/Font<>/ProcSet[/PDF/Text]/Properties<>/XObject<>>>/Rotate 0/StructParents 2/TrimBox[0.0 0.0 612.0
application/postscript CA_illustrations (Michelle Sinofsky) 2021-01-28T12:55:41-05:00 2021-01-28T12:55:41-05:00
2021-01-28T12:55:41-05:00 Adobe Illustrator 25.1 (Macintosh) xmp.iid:951246db-5f3a-47c7-b083-17a6a3885aab
xmp.did:951246db-5f3a-47c7-b083-17a6a3885aab uuid:5D20892493BFDB11914A8590D31508C8 proof:pdf
xmp.iid:3ac48ff2-f19d-4ecf-8b47-e84e5c76f868 xmp.did:3ac48ff2-f19d-4ecf-8b47-e84e5c76f868
uuid:5D20892493BFDB11914A8590D31508C8 proof:pdf saved xmp.iid:1bd48f8a-009d-41fc-a76c-e828f44558e0
2019-05-17T15:49:12-07:00 Adobe Illustrator CC 23.0 (Macintosh) / saved xmp.iid:3ac48ff2-f19d-4ecf-8b47-e84e5c76f868
2020-12-31T10:24:47-05:00 Adobe Illustrator 25.0 (Macintosh) / converted from application/postscript to
application/vnd.adobe.illustrator saved xmp.iid:951246db-5f3a-47c7-b083-17a6a3885aab 2021-01-28T12:55:41-05:00 Adobe
Illustrator 25.1 (Macintosh) / Print AIRobin Adobe PDF library 15.00 1 False False 223.173869 142.172953 Pixels Cyan
Magenta Default Swatch Group 0 White RGB PROCESS 255 255 255 Black RGB PROCESS 35 31 32 CMYK Red RGB PROCESS 236 28 36
CMYK Yellow RGB PROCESS 255 241 0 CMYK Green RGB PROCESS 0 165 81 CMYK Cyan RGB PROCESS 0 173 238 CMYK Blue RGB PROCESS
46 49 145 CMYK Magenta RGB PROCESS 235 0 139 C=15 M=100 Y=90 K=10 RGB PROCESS 190 30 45 C=0 M=90 Y=85 K=0 RGB PROCESS
238 64 54 C=0 M=80 Y=95 K=0 RGB PROCESS 240 90 40 C=0 M=50 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 246 146 30 C=0 M=35 Y=85 K=0 RGB
PROCESS 250 175 64 C=5 M=0 Y=90 K=0 RGB PROCESS 249 236 49 C=20 M=0 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 214 222 35 C=50 M=0 Y=100 K=0
RGB PROCESS 139 197 63 C=75 M=0 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 55 179 74 C=85 M=10 Y=100 K=10 RGB PROCESS 0 147 69 C=90 M=30
Y=95 K=30 RGB PROCESS 0 104 56 C=75 M=0 Y=75 K=0 RGB PROCESS 41 180 115 C=80 M=10 Y=45 K=0 RGB PROCESS 0 166 156 C=70
M=15 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 37 169 224 C=85 M=50 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 27 117 187 C=100 M=95 Y=5 K=0 RGB PROCESS 43 56 143
C=100 M=100 Y=25 K=25 RGB PROCESS 38 34 97 C=75 M=100 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 101 45 144 C=50 M=100 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 144
39 142 C=35 M=100 Y=35 K=10 RGB PROCESS 158 31 99 C=10 M=100 Y=50 K=0 RGB PROCESS 217 28 92 C=0 M=95 Y=20 K=0 RGB
PROCESS 236 41 123 C=25 M=25 Y=40 K=0 RGB PROCESS 193 180 154 C=40 M=45 Y=50 K=5 RGB PROCESS 154 132 121 C=50 M=50 Y=60
K=25 RGB PROCESS 113 101 88 C=55 M=60 Y=65 K=40 RGB PROCESS 90 74 66 C=25 M=40 Y=65 K=0 RGB PROCESS 195 153 107 C=30
M=50 Y=75 K=10 RGB PROCESS 168 124 79 C=35 M=60 Y=80 K=25 RGB PROCESS 138 93 59 C=40 M=65 Y=90 K=35 RGB PROCESS 117 76
40 C=40 M=70 Y=100 K=50 RGB PROCESS 96 56 19 C=50 M=70 Y=80 K=70 RGB PROCESS 59 35 20 Grays 1 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=100 RGB
PROCESS 35 31 32 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=90 RGB PROCESS 64 64 65 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=80 RGB PROCESS 88 89 91 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=70 RGB
PROCESS 109 110 112 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=60 RGB PROCESS 128 129 132 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=50 RGB PROCESS 146 148 151 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=40
RGB PROCESS 166 168 171 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=30 RGB PROCESS 187 189 191 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=20 RGB PROCESS 208 210 211 C=0 M=0 Y=0
K=10 RGB PROCESS 230 231 232 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=5 RGB PROCESS 241 241 242 Brights 1 C=0 M=100 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 236 28
36 C=0 M=75 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 241 101 34 C=0 M=10 Y=95 K=0 RGB PROCESS 255 221 21 C=85 M=10 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 0
161 75 C=100 M=90 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 34 64 153 C=60 M=90 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 127 63 151 endstream endobj 13 0 obj <>
endobj 14 0 obj <>stream application/postscript Common App_90_90_All_Icons (Michelle Sinofsky)
2021-07-30T09:55:12-04:00 2021-07-30T09:55:12-04:00 2021-07-30T09:55:12-04:00 Adobe Illustrator 25.3 (Macintosh)
xmp.iid:134d7900-ec13-4836-b303-566d1f92975b xmp.did:134d7900-ec13-4836-b303-566d1f92975b
uuid:5D20892493BFDB11914A8590D31508C8 proof:pdf xmp.iid:086ec764-0e50-4260-a1e4-7ded7b4efd96
xmp.did:086ec764-0e50-4260-a1e4-7ded7b4efd96 uuid:5D20892493BFDB11914A8590D31508C8 proof:pdf saved
xmp.iid:e2b49cb1-df0b-4fc0-b3fd-ed2c9eacff64 2019-03-25T17:00:58-07:00 Adobe Illustrator CC 23.0 (Macintosh) / saved
xmp.iid:3eb18a9a-f0cd-4ebc-a908-097ce98e5616 2020-12-31T12:36:47-05:00 Adobe Illustrator 25.0 (Macintosh) / converted
from application/postscript to application/vnd.adobe.illustrator saved xmp.iid:086ec764-0e50-4260-a1e4-7ded7b4efd96
2021-01-11T17:36:52-05:00 Adobe Illustrator 25.0 (Macintosh) / converted from application/postscript to
application/vnd.adobe.illustrator saved xmp.iid:134d7900-ec13-4836-b303-566d1f92975b 2021-07-30T09:55:12-04:00 Adobe
Illustrator 25.3 (Macintosh) / Print AIRobin False False 1 24.000000 40.000000 Pixels Cyan Magenta Default Swatch Group
0 White RGB PROCESS 255 255 255 Black RGB PROCESS 35 31 32 CMYK Red RGB PROCESS 236 28 36 CMYK Yellow RGB PROCESS 255
241 0 CMYK Green RGB PROCESS 0 165 81 CMYK Cyan RGB PROCESS 0 173 238 CMYK Blue RGB PROCESS 46 49 145 CMYK Magenta RGB
PROCESS 235 0 139 C=15 M=100 Y=90 K=10 RGB PROCESS 190 30 45 C=0 M=90 Y=85 K=0 RGB PROCESS 238 64 54 C=0 M=80 Y=95 K=0
RGB PROCESS 240 90 40 C=0 M=50 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 246 146 30 C=0 M=35 Y=85 K=0 RGB PROCESS 250 175 64 C=5 M=0 Y=90
K=0 RGB PROCESS 249 236 49 C=20 M=0 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 214 222 35 C=50 M=0 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 139 197 63 C=75 M=0
Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 55 179 74 C=85 M=10 Y=100 K=10 RGB PROCESS 0 147 69 C=90 M=30 Y=95 K=30 RGB PROCESS 0 104 56 C=75
M=0 Y=75 K=0 RGB PROCESS 41 180 115 C=80 M=10 Y=45 K=0 RGB PROCESS 0 166 156 C=70 M=15 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 37 169 224
C=85 M=50 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 27 117 187 C=100 M=95 Y=5 K=0 RGB PROCESS 43 56 143 C=100 M=100 Y=25 K=25 RGB PROCESS 38
34 97 C=75 M=100 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 101 45 144 C=50 M=100 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 144 39 142 C=35 M=100 Y=35 K=10 RGB
PROCESS 158 31 99 C=10 M=100 Y=50 K=0 RGB PROCESS 217 28 92 C=0 M=95 Y=20 K=0 RGB PROCESS 236 41 123 C=25 M=25 Y=40 K=0
RGB PROCESS 193 180 154 C=40 M=45 Y=50 K=5 RGB PROCESS 154 132 121 C=50 M=50 Y=60 K=25 RGB PROCESS 113 101 88 C=55 M=60
Y=65 K=40 RGB PROCESS 90 74 66 C=25 M=40 Y=65 K=0 RGB PROCESS 195 153 107 C=30 M=50 Y=75 K=10 RGB PROCESS 168 124 79
C=35 M=60 Y=80 K=25 RGB PROCESS 138 93 59 C=40 M=65 Y=90 K=35 RGB PROCESS 117 76 40 C=40 M=70 Y=100 K=50 RGB PROCESS 96
56 19 C=50 M=70 Y=80 K=70 RGB PROCESS 59 35 20 Grays 1 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=100 RGB PROCESS 35 31 32 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=90 RGB
PROCESS 64 64 65 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=80 RGB PROCESS 88 89 91 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=70 RGB PROCESS 109 110 112 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=60 RGB
PROCESS 128 129 132 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=50 RGB PROCESS 146 148 151 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=40 RGB PROCESS 166 168 171 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=30
RGB PROCESS 187 189 191 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=20 RGB PROCESS 208 210 211 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=10 RGB PROCESS 230 231 232 C=0 M=0 Y=0
K=5 RGB PROCESS 241 241 242 Brights 1 C=0 M=100 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 236 28 36 C=0 M=75 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 241 101
34 C=0 M=10 Y=95 K=0 RGB PROCESS 255 221 21 C=85 M=10 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 0 161 75 C=100 M=90 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 34
64 153 C=60 M=90 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 127 63 151 Adobe PDF library 15.00 endstream endobj 15 0 obj <> endobj 16 0 obj
<>stream application/postscript Common App_90_90_All_Icons (Michelle Sinofsky) 2021-07-30T09:55:12-04:00
2021-07-30T09:55:12-04:00 2021-07-30T09:55:12-04:00 Adobe Illustrator 25.3 (Macintosh)
xmp.iid:134d7900-ec13-4836-b303-566d1f92975b xmp.did:134d7900-ec13-4836-b303-566d1f92975b
uuid:5D20892493BFDB11914A8590D31508C8 proof:pdf xmp.iid:086ec764-0e50-4260-a1e4-7ded7b4efd96
xmp.did:086ec764-0e50-4260-a1e4-7ded7b4efd96 uuid:5D20892493BFDB11914A8590D31508C8 proof:pdf saved
xmp.iid:e2b49cb1-df0b-4fc0-b3fd-ed2c9eacff64 2019-03-25T17:00:58-07:00 Adobe Illustrator CC 23.0 (Macintosh) / saved
xmp.iid:3eb18a9a-f0cd-4ebc-a908-097ce98e5616 2020-12-31T12:36:47-05:00 Adobe Illustrator 25.0 (Macintosh) / converted
from application/postscript to application/vnd.adobe.illustrator saved xmp.iid:086ec764-0e50-4260-a1e4-7ded7b4efd96
2021-01-11T17:36:52-05:00 Adobe Illustrator 25.0 (Macintosh) / converted from application/postscript to
application/vnd.adobe.illustrator saved xmp.iid:134d7900-ec13-4836-b303-566d1f92975b 2021-07-30T09:55:12-04:00 Adobe
Illustrator 25.3 (Macintosh) / Print AIRobin False False 1 24.000000 40.000000 Pixels Cyan Magenta Default Swatch Group
0 White RGB PROCESS 255 255 255 Black RGB PROCESS 35 31 32 CMYK Red RGB PROCESS 236 28 36 CMYK Yellow RGB PROCESS 255
241 0 CMYK Green RGB PROCESS 0 165 81 CMYK Cyan RGB PROCESS 0 173 238 CMYK Blue RGB PROCESS 46 49 145 CMYK Magenta RGB
PROCESS 235 0 139 C=15 M=100 Y=90 K=10 RGB PROCESS 190 30 45 C=0 M=90 Y=85 K=0 RGB PROCESS 238 64 54 C=0 M=80 Y=95 K=0
RGB PROCESS 240 90 40 C=0 M=50 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 246 146 30 C=0 M=35 Y=85 K=0 RGB PROCESS 250 175 64 C=5 M=0 Y=90
K=0 RGB PROCESS 249 236 49 C=20 M=0 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 214 222 35 C=50 M=0 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 139 197 63 C=75 M=0
Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 55 179 74 C=85 M=10 Y=100 K=10 RGB PROCESS 0 147 69 C=90 M=30 Y=95 K=30 RGB PROCESS 0 104 56 C=75
M=0 Y=75 K=0 RGB PROCESS 41 180 115 C=80 M=10 Y=45 K=0 RGB PROCESS 0 166 156 C=70 M=15 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 37 169 224
C=85 M=50 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 27 117 187 C=100 M=95 Y=5 K=0 RGB PROCESS 43 56 143 C=100 M=100 Y=25 K=25 RGB PROCESS 38
34 97 C=75 M=100 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 101 45 144 C=50 M=100 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 144 39 142 C=35 M=100 Y=35 K=10 RGB
PROCESS 158 31 99 C=10 M=100 Y=50 K=0 RGB PROCESS 217 28 92 C=0 M=95 Y=20 K=0 RGB PROCESS 236 41 123 C=25 M=25 Y=40 K=0
RGB PROCESS 193 180 154 C=40 M=45 Y=50 K=5 RGB PROCESS 154 132 121 C=50 M=50 Y=60 K=25 RGB PROCESS 113 101 88 C=55 M=60
Y=65 K=40 RGB PROCESS 90 74 66 C=25 M=40 Y=65 K=0 RGB PROCESS 195 153 107 C=30 M=50 Y=75 K=10 RGB PROCESS 168 124 79
C=35 M=60 Y=80 K=25 RGB PROCESS 138 93 59 C=40 M=65 Y=90 K=35 RGB PROCESS 117 76 40 C=40 M=70 Y=100 K=50 RGB PROCESS 96
56 19 C=50 M=70 Y=80 K=70 RGB PROCESS 59 35 20 Grays 1 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=100 RGB PROCESS 35 31 32 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=90 RGB
PROCESS 64 64 65 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=80 RGB PROCESS 88 89 91 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=70 RGB PROCESS 109 110 112 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=60 RGB
PROCESS 128 129 132 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=50 RGB PROCESS 146 148 151 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=40 RGB PROCESS 166 168 171 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=30
RGB PROCESS 187 189 191 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=20 RGB PROCESS 208 210 211 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=10 RGB PROCESS 230 231 232 C=0 M=0 Y=0
K=5 RGB PROCESS 241 241 242 Brights 1 C=0 M=100 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 236 28 36 C=0 M=75 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 241 101
34 C=0 M=10 Y=95 K=0 RGB PROCESS 255 221 21 C=85 M=10 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 0 161 75 C=100 M=90 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 34
64 153 C=60 M=90 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 127 63 151 Adobe PDF library 15.00 endstream endobj 17 0 obj <> endobj 18 0 obj <>
endobj 19 0 obj </LastModified/NumberOfPageItemsInPage 12/NumberofPages
1/OriginalDocumentID/PageItemUIDToLocationDataMap<>/PageTransformationMatrixList<>/PageUIDList<>/PageWidthList<>>>>>/Res
ources<>/ExtGState<>/Font<>/ProcSet[/PDF/Text]/Properties<>/XObject<>>>/Rotate 0/StructParents 3/TrimBox[0.0 0.0 612.0
endstream endobj 21 0 obj <>stream application/postscript CA_illustrations (Michelle Sinofsky)
2021-01-28T12:09:33-05:00 2021-01-28T12:09:33-05:00 2021-01-28T12:09:33-05:00 Adobe Illustrator 25.1 (Macintosh)
xmp.iid:6b6d45ce-5ff4-450b-8e51-63cf0e5fda78 xmp.did:6b6d45ce-5ff4-450b-8e51-63cf0e5fda78
uuid:5D20892493BFDB11914A8590D31508C8 proof:pdf xmp.iid:3ac48ff2-f19d-4ecf-8b47-e84e5c76f868
xmp.did:3ac48ff2-f19d-4ecf-8b47-e84e5c76f868 uuid:5D20892493BFDB11914A8590D31508C8 proof:pdf saved
xmp.iid:1bd48f8a-009d-41fc-a76c-e828f44558e0 2019-05-17T15:49:12-07:00 Adobe Illustrator CC 23.0 (Macintosh) / saved
xmp.iid:3ac48ff2-f19d-4ecf-8b47-e84e5c76f868 2020-12-31T10:24:47-05:00 Adobe Illustrator 25.0 (Macintosh) / converted
from application/postscript to application/vnd.adobe.illustrator saved xmp.iid:6b6d45ce-5ff4-450b-8e51-63cf0e5fda78
2021-01-28T12:09:33-05:00 Adobe Illustrator 25.1 (Macintosh) / Print AIRobin Adobe PDF library 15.00 1 False False
315.927267 345.024637 Pixels Cyan Magenta Default Swatch Group 0 White RGB PROCESS 255 255 255 Black RGB PROCESS 35 31
32 CMYK Red RGB PROCESS 236 28 36 CMYK Yellow RGB PROCESS 255 241 0 CMYK Green RGB PROCESS 0 165 81 CMYK Cyan RGB
PROCESS 0 173 238 CMYK Blue RGB PROCESS 46 49 145 CMYK Magenta RGB PROCESS 235 0 139 C=15 M=100 Y=90 K=10 RGB PROCESS
190 30 45 C=0 M=90 Y=85 K=0 RGB PROCESS 238 64 54 C=0 M=80 Y=95 K=0 RGB PROCESS 240 90 40 C=0 M=50 Y=100 K=0 RGB
PROCESS 246 146 30 C=0 M=35 Y=85 K=0 RGB PROCESS 250 175 64 C=5 M=0 Y=90 K=0 RGB PROCESS 249 236 49 C=20 M=0 Y=100 K=0
RGB PROCESS 214 222 35 C=50 M=0 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 139 197 63 C=75 M=0 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 55 179 74 C=85 M=10
Y=100 K=10 RGB PROCESS 0 147 69 C=90 M=30 Y=95 K=30 RGB PROCESS 0 104 56 C=75 M=0 Y=75 K=0 RGB PROCESS 41 180 115 C=80
M=10 Y=45 K=0 RGB PROCESS 0 166 156 C=70 M=15 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 37 169 224 C=85 M=50 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 27 117 187
C=100 M=95 Y=5 K=0 RGB PROCESS 43 56 143 C=100 M=100 Y=25 K=25 RGB PROCESS 38 34 97 C=75 M=100 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 101
45 144 C=50 M=100 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 144 39 142 C=35 M=100 Y=35 K=10 RGB PROCESS 158 31 99 C=10 M=100 Y=50 K=0 RGB
PROCESS 217 28 92 C=0 M=95 Y=20 K=0 RGB PROCESS 236 41 123 C=25 M=25 Y=40 K=0 RGB PROCESS 193 180 154 C=40 M=45 Y=50
K=5 RGB PROCESS 154 132 121 C=50 M=50 Y=60 K=25 RGB PROCESS 113 101 88 C=55 M=60 Y=65 K=40 RGB PROCESS 90 74 66 C=25
M=40 Y=65 K=0 RGB PROCESS 195 153 107 C=30 M=50 Y=75 K=10 RGB PROCESS 168 124 79 C=35 M=60 Y=80 K=25 RGB PROCESS 138 93
59 C=40 M=65 Y=90 K=35 RGB PROCESS 117 76 40 C=40 M=70 Y=100 K=50 RGB PROCESS 96 56 19 C=50 M=70 Y=80 K=70 RGB PROCESS
59 35 20 Grays 1 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=100 RGB PROCESS 35 31 32 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=90 RGB PROCESS 64 64 65 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=80 RGB
PROCESS 88 89 91 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=70 RGB PROCESS 109 110 112 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=60 RGB PROCESS 128 129 132 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=50 RGB
PROCESS 146 148 151 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=40 RGB PROCESS 166 168 171 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=30 RGB PROCESS 187 189 191 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=20
RGB PROCESS 208 210 211 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=10 RGB PROCESS 230 231 232 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=5 RGB PROCESS 241 241 242 Brights 1 C=0
M=100 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 236 28 36 C=0 M=75 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 241 101 34 C=0 M=10 Y=95 K=0 RGB PROCESS 255 221
21 C=85 M=10 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 0 161 75 C=100 M=90 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 34 64 153 C=60 M=90 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 127
63 151 endstream endobj 22 0 obj <> endobj 23 0 obj <>stream application/postscript Common App_90_90_All_Icons
(Michelle Sinofsky) 2021-07-30T09:55:12-04:00 2021-07-30T09:55:12-04:00 2021-07-30T09:55:12-04:00 Adobe Illustrator
25.3 (Macintosh) xmp.iid:134d7900-ec13-4836-b303-566d1f92975b xmp.did:134d7900-ec13-4836-b303-566d1f92975b
uuid:5D20892493BFDB11914A8590D31508C8 proof:pdf xmp.iid:086ec764-0e50-4260-a1e4-7ded7b4efd96
xmp.did:086ec764-0e50-4260-a1e4-7ded7b4efd96 uuid:5D20892493BFDB11914A8590D31508C8 proof:pdf saved
xmp.iid:e2b49cb1-df0b-4fc0-b3fd-ed2c9eacff64 2019-03-25T17:00:58-07:00 Adobe Illustrator CC 23.0 (Macintosh) / saved
xmp.iid:3eb18a9a-f0cd-4ebc-a908-097ce98e5616 2020-12-31T12:36:47-05:00 Adobe Illustrator 25.0 (Macintosh) / converted
from application/postscript to application/vnd.adobe.illustrator saved xmp.iid:086ec764-0e50-4260-a1e4-7ded7b4efd96
2021-01-11T17:36:52-05:00 Adobe Illustrator 25.0 (Macintosh) / converted from application/postscript to
application/vnd.adobe.illustrator saved xmp.iid:134d7900-ec13-4836-b303-566d1f92975b 2021-07-30T09:55:12-04:00 Adobe
Illustrator 25.3 (Macintosh) / Print AIRobin False False 1 24.000000 40.000000 Pixels Cyan Magenta Default Swatch Group
0 White RGB PROCESS 255 255 255 Black RGB PROCESS 35 31 32 CMYK Red RGB PROCESS 236 28 36 CMYK Yellow RGB PROCESS 255
241 0 CMYK Green RGB PROCESS 0 165 81 CMYK Cyan RGB PROCESS 0 173 238 CMYK Blue RGB PROCESS 46 49 145 CMYK Magenta RGB
PROCESS 235 0 139 C=15 M=100 Y=90 K=10 RGB PROCESS 190 30 45 C=0 M=90 Y=85 K=0 RGB PROCESS 238 64 54 C=0 M=80 Y=95 K=0
RGB PROCESS 240 90 40 C=0 M=50 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 246 146 30 C=0 M=35 Y=85 K=0 RGB PROCESS 250 175 64 C=5 M=0 Y=90
K=0 RGB PROCESS 249 236 49 C=20 M=0 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 214 222 35 C=50 M=0 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 139 197 63 C=75 M=0
Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 55 179 74 C=85 M=10 Y=100 K=10 RGB PROCESS 0 147 69 C=90 M=30 Y=95 K=30 RGB PROCESS 0 104 56 C=75
M=0 Y=75 K=0 RGB PROCESS 41 180 115 C=80 M=10 Y=45 K=0 RGB PROCESS 0 166 156 C=70 M=15 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 37 169 224
C=85 M=50 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 27 117 187 C=100 M=95 Y=5 K=0 RGB PROCESS 43 56 143 C=100 M=100 Y=25 K=25 RGB PROCESS 38
34 97 C=75 M=100 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 101 45 144 C=50 M=100 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 144 39 142 C=35 M=100 Y=35 K=10 RGB
PROCESS 158 31 99 C=10 M=100 Y=50 K=0 RGB PROCESS 217 28 92 C=0 M=95 Y=20 K=0 RGB PROCESS 236 41 123 C=25 M=25 Y=40 K=0
RGB PROCESS 193 180 154 C=40 M=45 Y=50 K=5 RGB PROCESS 154 132 121 C=50 M=50 Y=60 K=25 RGB PROCESS 113 101 88 C=55 M=60
Y=65 K=40 RGB PROCESS 90 74 66 C=25 M=40 Y=65 K=0 RGB PROCESS 195 153 107 C=30 M=50 Y=75 K=10 RGB PROCESS 168 124 79
C=35 M=60 Y=80 K=25 RGB PROCESS 138 93 59 C=40 M=65 Y=90 K=35 RGB PROCESS 117 76 40 C=40 M=70 Y=100 K=50 RGB PROCESS 96
56 19 C=50 M=70 Y=80 K=70 RGB PROCESS 59 35 20 Grays 1 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=100 RGB PROCESS 35 31 32 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=90 RGB
PROCESS 64 64 65 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=80 RGB PROCESS 88 89 91 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=70 RGB PROCESS 109 110 112 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=60 RGB
PROCESS 128 129 132 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=50 RGB PROCESS 146 148 151 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=40 RGB PROCESS 166 168 171 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=30
RGB PROCESS 187 189 191 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=20 RGB PROCESS 208 210 211 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=10 RGB PROCESS 230 231 232 C=0 M=0 Y=0
K=5 RGB PROCESS 241 241 242 Brights 1 C=0 M=100 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 236 28 36 C=0 M=75 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 241 101
34 C=0 M=10 Y=95 K=0 RGB PROCESS 255 221 21 C=85 M=10 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 0 161 75 C=100 M=90 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 34
64 153 C=60 M=90 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 127 63 151 Adobe PDF library 15.00 endstream endobj 24 0 obj <> endobj 25 0 obj <>
endobj 26 0 obj <>/ExtGState<>/Font<>/Pattern<>/ProcSet[/PDF/Text/ImageC/ImageI]/XObject<>>>/Subtype/Form>>stream
<>/Filter/FlateDecode/Height 40/Intent/RelativeColorimetric/Length 562/Name/X/Subtype/Image/Type/XObject/Width
2021-07-30T10:17:09-04:00 2021-07-30T10:17:11-04:00 2021-07-30T10:17:11-04:00 Adobe InDesign 16.3 (Macintosh)
uuid:d56c0cd9-935a-b548-b8d1-98d9789a53b0 xmp.did:92db5277-9d80-48df-91f5-64b1a9203f29
xmp.id:3041703b-83a9-45e2-b31c-129c4d0e9f4c proof:pdf xmp.iid:1e3ed732-d0ae-47d6-89fd-4dd33240cf90
xmp.did:b14653d9-8a7f-4157-970c-6c0eb872cb90 xmp.did:92db5277-9d80-48df-91f5-64b1a9203f29 default converted from
application/x-indesign to application/pdf Adobe InDesign 16.3 (Macintosh) / 2021-07-30T10:17:09-04:00 True
commonapp.org Adobe PDF Library 15.0 False endstream endobj 39 0 obj <> endobj xref 0 269 0000000000 65535 f 0000131545
00000 n 0000134113 00000 n 0000139297 00000 n 0000170630 00000 n 0000170665 00000 n 0000202700 00000 n 0000202735 00000
n 0000234770 00000 n 0000234805 00000 n 0000234862 00000 n 0000237439 00000 n 0000242440 00000 n 0000273774 00000 n
0000273811 00000 n 0000305847 00000 n 0000305884 00000 n 0000337920 00000 n 0000337957 00000 n 0000338015 00000 n
0000340111 00000 n 0000343775 00000 n 0000375109 00000 n 0000375146 00000 n 0000407182 00000 n 0000407219 00000 n
0000407277 00000 n 0000407980 00000 n 0000408756 00000 n 0000409564 00000 n 0000410070 00000 n 0000410480 00000 n
0000410526 00000 n 0000411145 00000 n 0000411188 00000 n 0000413121 00000 n 0000414609 00000 n 0000415162 00000 n
0000415236 00000 n 0000418443 00000 n 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f trailer <<487FDA38DE904479B002C1F580BACC17>]>> startxref 116
%%EOF 1 0 obj
<>/PageTransformationMatrixList<>/PageUIDList<>/PageWidthList<>>>>>/Resources<>/ExtGState<>/Font<>/ProcSet[/PDF/Text]/Pr
operties<>/XObject<>>>/Rotate 0/StructParents 1/Tabs/S/TrimBox[0.0 0.0 612.0 792.0]/Type/Page>> endobj 10 0 obj
<>/PageTransformationMatrixList<>/PageUIDList<>/PageWidthList<>>>>>/Resources<>/ExtGState<>/Font<>/ProcSet[/PDF/Text]/Pr
operties<>/XObject<>>>/Rotate 0/StructParents 2/Tabs/S/TrimBox[0.0 0.0 612.0 792.0]/Type/Page>> endobj 19 0 obj
<>/PageTransformationMatrixList<>/PageUIDList<>/PageWidthList<>>>>>/Resources<>/ExtGState<>/Font<>/ProcSet[/PDF/Text]/Pr
operties<>/XObject<>>>/Rotate 0/StructParents 3/Tabs/S/TrimBox[0.0 0.0 612.0 792.0]/Type/Page>> endobj 38 0 obj
2021-07-30T10:18:52-04:00 2021-07-30T10:18:52-04:00 Adobe InDesign 16.3 (Macintosh)
uuid:8b89f786-1eba-7345-b097-8f6dea969de7 xmp.did:92db5277-9d80-48df-91f5-64b1a9203f29
xmp.id:3041703b-83a9-45e2-b31c-129c4d0e9f4c proof:pdf xmp.iid:1e3ed732-d0ae-47d6-89fd-4dd33240cf90
xmp.did:b14653d9-8a7f-4157-970c-6c0eb872cb90 xmp.did:92db5277-9d80-48df-91f5-64b1a9203f29 default converted from
application/x-indesign to application/pdf Adobe InDesign 16.3 (Macintosh) / 2021-07-30T10:17:09-04:00 True
commonapp.org Adobe PDF Library 15.0 False endstream endobj 39 0 obj <> endobj 272 0 obj
<>/PageTransformationMatrixList<>/PageUIDList<>/PageWidthList<>>>>>/Resources<>/ExtGState<>/Font<>/ProcSet[/PDF/Text]/Pr
operties<>/XObject<>>>/Rotate 0/StructParents 0/Tabs/S/TrimBox[0.0 0.0 612.0 792.0]/Type/Page>> endobj xref 0 2
0000000000 65535 f 0000424178 00000 n 10 1 0000426537 00000 n 19 1 0000428905 00000 n 38 2 0000430792 00000 n
0000436045 00000 n 272 1 0000436272 00000 n trailer <<9A18CE4F120649CDB1ECE515AD781BE1>]/Prev 116>> startxref 438821
%%EOF
Title: 
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/static/68a758e5774839e0ae5d85ea08597196/FY_GatherMaterials_CAReady.pdf 
00000 n 0000002475 00000 n 0000005594 00000 n 0000005653 00000 n 0000005905 00000 n 0000006184 00000 n 0000006699 00000
n 0000006813 00000 n 0000006925 00000 n 0000006962 00000 n 0000009611 00000 n 0000009849 00000 n 0000010128 00000 n
0000010643 00000 n 0000010871 00000 n 0000011150 00000 n 0000011665 00000 n 0000011917 00000 n 0000012196 00000 n
0000012711 00000 n 0000012953 00000 n 0000013232 00000 n 0000013747 00000 n 0000014128 00000 n 0000014230 00000 n
0000014376 00000 n 0000014473 00000 n 0000015081 00000 n 0000015593 00000 n 0000016186 00000 n 0000016668 00000 n
0000016696 00000 n 0000016791 00000 n 0000016890 00000 n 0000017364 00000 n 0000018244 00000 n 0000019194 00000 n
0000020159 00000 n 0000020945 00000 n 0000021806 00000 n 0000022526 00000 n 0000023357 00000 n 0000023798 00000 n
0000026545 00000 n 0000030911 00000 n 0000031031 00000 n 0000031090 00000 n 0000031149 00000 n 0000031208 00000 n
0000031267 00000 n 0000031326 00000 n 0000058856 00000 n 0000093095 00000 n 0000001927 00000 n 0000001456 00000 n
trailer <<11F0C9AA9F874BB7A6554A0ED63F84F1>]/Prev 135041/XRefStm 1927>> startxref 0 %%EOF 181 0 obj <>stream
endobj 125 0 obj <>/Metadata 36 0 R/OpenAction 126 0 R/Outlines 27 0 R/PageLayout/SinglePage/Pages 35 0
R/StructTreeRoot 38 0 R/Type/Catalog/ViewerPreferences<>>> endobj 126 0 obj <> endobj 127 0 obj <>>>/Fields 28 0 R>>
endobj 128 0 obj </LastModified/NumberOfPageItemsInPage 25/NumberofPages
1/OriginalDocumentID/PageItemUIDToLocationDataMap<>/PageTransformationMatrixList<>/PageUIDList<>/PageWidthList<>>>>>/Res
ources<>/ExtGState<>/Font<>/Pattern<>/ProcSet[/PDF/Text/ImageC]/XObject<>>>/Rotate 0/StructParents 0/Tabs/S/Thumb 33 0
R/TrimBox[0.0 0.0 612.0 792.0]/Type/Page>> endobj 129 0 obj [130 0 R 137 0 R 140 0 R 143 0 R 146 0 R] endobj 130 0 obj
<>>>/AS/Off/BS<>/F 4/FT/Btn/Ff 0/H/P/MK 176 0 R/P 128 0 R/Rect[36.0 476.0 46.0 486.0]/StructParent
1/Subtype/Widget/T(High school information)/TU(High school information)/Type/Annot/V/Off>> endobj 131 0 obj
endstream endobj 137 0 obj <>>>/AS/Off/BS<>/F 4/FT/Btn/Ff 0/H/P/MK 175 0 R/P 128 0 R/Rect[36.0 406.0 46.0
416.0]/StructParent 2/Subtype/Widget/T(Check Box 2)/TU(Unofficial transcript)/Type/Annot/V/Off>> endobj 138 0 obj
0/H/P/MK 174 0 R/P 128 0 R/Rect[36.0 308.0 46.0 318.0]/StructParent 3/Subtype/Widget/T(Test scores)/TU(Test
scores)/Type/Annot/V/Off>> endobj 141 0 obj <>/ExtGState<>>>/Subtype/Form>>stream
R/Rect[36.0 238.0 46.0 248.0]/StructParent 4/Subtype/Widget/T(Citizenship information)/TU(Citizenship
information)/Type/Annot/V/Off>> endobj 144 0 obj <>/ExtGState<>>>/Subtype/Form>>stream
R/Rect[36.0 112.0 46.0 122.0]/StructParent 5/Subtype/Widget/T(State of residence)/TU(State of
residence)/Type/Annot/V/Off>> endobj 147 0 obj <>/ExtGState<>>>/Subtype/Form>>stream
endobj 153 0 obj <>stream
endstream endobj 154 0 obj <> endobj 155 0 obj <> endobj 156 0 obj <> endobj 157 0 obj [/Pattern] endobj 158 0 obj <>
endstream endobj 171 0 obj <> endobj 172 0 obj <> endobj 173 0 obj <> endobj 174 0 obj <> endobj 175 0 obj <> endobj
179 0 obj <</CS 135 0 R/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 1 0 obj <</Annots 2 0 R/ArtBox[0.0 0.0 612.0
792.0]/BleedBox[0.0 0.0 612.0 792.0]/Contents 3 0 R/CropBox[0.0 0.0 612.0 792.0]/Group 9 0 R/MediaBox[0.0 0.0 612.0
792.0]/Parent 35 0
R/PieceInfo<</InDesign<</DocumentID<FEFF0078006D0070002E006400690064003A00330036006100650038006400320061002D003100610063
0039002D0034006600390038002D0038006300380033002D006600350039003200340031006500620036006100640035>/LastModified<FEFF00440
03A00320030003200300031003200320039003200300034003700350035005A>/NumberOfPageItemsInPage 11/NumberofPages
1/OriginalDocumentID<FEFF0078006D0070002E006400690064003A00390032006400620035003200370037002D0039006400380030002D0034003
800640066002D0039003100660035002D003600340062003100610039003200300033006600320039>/PageItemUIDToLocationDataMap<</0[910.
0 10.0 3.0 -270.48 362.834 -21.0235 368.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -96.9528 445.44]/1[2724.0 3.0 2.0 43.3333 -292.0 270.0 -87.0
1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0000305176 -214.0]/10[3136.0 2.0 4.0 -270.0 -76.0 -260.0 -66.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -265.0 -71.0]/2[2778.0
4.0 2.0 -270.0 55.0 174.712 74.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -144.667 130.0]/3[2787.0 5.0 4.0 -270.0 31.0 270.0 33.0 1.0 0.0 0.0
1.0 -306.3 212.0]/4[2964.0 7.0 2.0 -249.0 -80.0 270.0 4.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 10.5 -32.2]/5[2968.0 8.0 2.0 -249.0 -178.0
19.3333 -94.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 10.5 -130.2]/6[2997.0 9.0 2.0 -249.0 -304.0 19.3333 -192.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 10.5
-256.2]/7[3052.0 6.0 4.0 -270.0 101.75 270.0 298.25 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 200.0]/8[3098.0 0.0 4.0 -270.0 -300.0 -260.0
-290.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -265.0 -295.0]/9[3131.0 1.0 4.0 -270.0 -174.0 -260.0 -164.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -265.0
-169.0]>>/PageTransformationMatrixList<</0[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -306.0 -396.0]>>/PageUIDList<</0 361>>/PageWidthList<</0
612.0>>>>>>/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 135 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 133 0 R/GS1 134 0 R>>/Font<</T1_0 156 0 R/T1_1 155 0
R>>/ProcSet[/PDF/Text]/XObject<</Fm0 8 0 R>>>>/Rotate 0/StructParents 6/Tabs/S/Thumb 34 0 R/TrimBox[0.0 0.0 612.0
792.0]/Type/Page>> endobj 2 0 obj [14 0 R 15 0 R 20 0 R 22 0 R] endobj 3 0 obj <</Filter/FlateDecode/Length
obj <</BaseFont/MCMOZY+NeutrifStudio-Regular/Encoding/WinAnsiEncoding/FirstChar 32/FontDescriptor 154 0 R/LastChar
169/Subtype/Type1/ToUnicode 4 0 R/Type/Font/Widths[256 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 244 0 238 0 641 0 549 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
0 0 0 0 684 0 757 0 0 0 0 0 253 0 0 0 0 0 0 636 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 521 0 577 0 576 415 577 0 0 0 0 0 805
544 607 577 0 352 0 417 0 0 0 0 519 0 0 251 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
0 0 0 0 0 0 824]>> endobj 6 0 obj <</BitsPerComponent 8/ColorSpace/DeviceGray/Filter/JPXDecode/Height
359/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 135 0 R/CS1 157 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 133 0 R/GS1 134
0 R>>/Font<</T1_0 5 0 R>>/Pattern<</P0 150 0 R>>/ProcSet[/PDF/Text/ImageC]/XObject<</Im0 7 0 R>>>>/Subtype/Form>>stream
endstream endobj 9 0 obj <</CS 135 0 R/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 10 0 obj
<</Filter[/ASCII85Decode/FlateDecode]/Length 428>>stream
8;X]O>EqN@%''O_@%e@?J;%+8(9e>X=MR6S?i^YgA3=].HDXF.R$lIL@"pJ+EP(%0
b]6ajmNZn*!='OQZeQ^Y*,=]?C.B+\Ulg9dhD*"iC[;*=3`oP1[!S^)?1)IZ4dup`
E1r!/,*0[*9.aFIR2&b-C#s<Xl5FH@[<=!#6V)uDBXnIr.F>oRZ7Dl%MLY\.?d>Mn
6%Q2oYfNRF$$+ON<+]RUJmC0I<jlL.oXisZ;SYU[/7#<&37rclQKqeJe#,UF7Rgb1
VNWFKf>nDZ4OTs0S!saG>GGKUlQ*Q?45:CI&4J'_2j<etJICj7e7nPMb=O6S7UOH<
PO7r\I.Hu&e0d&E<.')fERr/l+*W,)q^D*ai5<uuLX.7g/>$XKrcYp0n+Xl_nU*O( l[$6Nn+Z_Nq0]s7hs]`XX1nZ8&94a\~> endstream endobj 11
0 obj [/Indexed/DeviceRGB 255 10 0 R] endobj 12 0 obj <</BC[]/BG[]>> endobj 13 0 obj <</BC[0.0431061 0.427505
0.741196]/BG[]>> endobj 14 0 obj <</AP<</N 19 0 R>>/BS<</S/S/W -1>>/DA(/MinionPro-Regular 12 Tf 0 g)/F 4/FT/Tx/Ff
4096/MK 12 0 R/P 1 0 R/Q 0/Rect[36.0 97.75 576.0 294.25]/StructParent
10/Subtype/Widget/T(Activities)/TU(Activities)/Type/Annot>> endobj 15 0 obj <</AP<</N<</Off 18 0 R/Yes 25 0
R>>>>/AS/Off/BS<</S/S/W 1>>/F 4/FT/Btn/Ff 0/H/P/MK 23 0 R/P 1 0 R/Rect[36.0 686.0 46.0 696.0]/StructParent
7/Subtype/Widget/T(Parent information)/TU(Parent information)/Type/Annot/V/Off>> endobj 16 0 obj <</BBox[0.0 10.0 10.0
0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 297/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 135 0
0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 74/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 135 0
0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 135 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 133 0 R>>>>/Subtype/Form>>stream
540.0 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 22/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<<>>/Subtype/Form>>stream
4/FT/Btn/Ff 0/H/P/MK 24 0 R/P 1 0 R/Rect[36.0 560.0 46.0 570.0]/StructParent 8/Subtype/Widget/T(Academic
honors)/TU(Academic honors)/Type/Annot/V/Off>> endobj 21 0 obj <</BBox[0.0 10.0 10.0 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length
297/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 135 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 133 0 R/GS1 134 0
4/FT/Btn/Ff 0/H/P/MK 13 0 R/P 1 0 R/Rect[36.0 462.0 46.0 472.0]/StructParent 9/Subtype/Widget/T(Activities
list)/TU(Activities list)/Type/Annot/V/Off>> endobj 23 0 obj <</BC[0.0431061 0.427505 0.741196]/BG[]>> endobj 24 0 obj
<</BC[0.0431061 0.427505 0.741196]/BG[]>> endobj 25 0 obj <</BBox[0.0 10.0 10.0 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length
297/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 135 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 133 0 R/GS1 134 0
0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 135 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 133 0 R>>>>/Subtype/Form>>stream
0/Type/Outlines>> endobj 28 0 obj [130 0 R 137 0 R 140 0 R 143 0 R 146 0 R 15 0 R 20 0 R 22 0 R 14 0 R] endobj 29 0 obj
<</BaseFont/MinionPro-Regular/Encoding 30 0 R/FirstChar 0/FontDescriptor 31 0 R/LastChar
255/Subtype/Type1/Type/Font/Widths[500 500 500 500 500 500 500 500 500 500 500 500 500 500 500 500 500 500 500 500 500
500 500 500 500 500 500 500 500 500 500 500 227 276 318 480 480 756 711 169 346 346 404 580 228 356 228 331 480 480 480
480 480 480 480 480 480 480 228 228 552 580 552 379 753 691 588 665 735 568 529 715 766 341 329 673 538 891 743 747 563
745 621 474 617 736 703 971 654 634 603 345 333 345 566 500 400 439 508 423 528 425 296 468 534 268 256 496 253 819 547
510 524 511 371 367 305 531 463 685 472 459 420 347 263 347 580 500 691 691 661 568 743 747 736 439 439 439 439 439 439
421 425 425 425 425 268 268 268 268 547 510 510 510 510 510 531 531 531 531 490 343 480 480 477 390 497 545 321 702 459
400 400 500 869 749 500 580 500 500 480 512 500 500 500 500 500 305 334 500 671 513 379 276 580 500 480 500 500 444 445
970 500 691 691 747 973 770 520 922 398 401 224 223 580 500 459 634 159 480 279 279 535 533 489 226 239 429 1062 691
568 691 568 568 341 341 341 341 747 747 500 747 736 736 736 268 400 400 400 400 400 400 400 400 400 400]>> endobj 30 0
obj <</BaseEncoding/MacRomanEncoding/Differences[219/Euro]/Type/Encoding>> endobj 31 0 obj <</Ascent 989/CapHeight
651/Descent -360/Flags 34/FontBBox[-290 -360 1684 989]/FontFamily(Minion
Pro)/FontName/MinionPro-Regular/FontStretch/Normal/FontWeight 400/ItalicAngle 0/StemV 80/Type/FontDescriptor/XHeight
<</BitsPerComponent 8/ColorSpace 11 0 R/Filter[/ASCII85Decode/FlateDecode]/Height 99/Length 577/Width 76>>stream
8;Z\79q$\W%-7]!iZqg_9m__"FuP3@C+_9R*[]L,7$PLf+uH7s5+d^];I<aZL_\i9
.A#F;>Y+Mj:^@tgm6r>Q$\!%?%N9j7X183OG^SKD5$m<E&2%Ec-Vg&S8C6SGDA$3F
d2H#!#qed51.7`k@:F;Vb7"Wf5?P_Y%q@P#,eIP[+DQC(`Fm85D'M<0rYZ6NOl9Pg
%Q'BNe2ZBhQ*Phbmt]$p>Z\tZ+1q.EaTmd,Q8`#(7P'AV&sDY9Ahq^jJ'*$sWD:gn
LiG'),MtFD1OkGEQ$$jg0Y9W"S\;m!=\RH&_#c6bP$*mbV8]sK`oM6dlcZCkJO;ue
i?@G7js'.Ko`u=QXGortSc:t!WF]?QNP$&b<L2&JWbWrT/RnBQ)dVD;Sgj^T]V@m>
IOoLS>*@m1O%o/j'/oBcOc_d=r3q"Tpoe(J_H3D/,_F3_fud9'7UeGf%:).%,5"s\
-!Bt=g:t(pL7,4:QW<B>lbi!9)reO7*Xk/%IRu()Eq@^MS),lj>J)'>/6!j^m`[iG ?oHJVOFS>`]tX3lrdMKJ/YjO(m0`2>'na+^9>eg-!5=&)*r~>
endstream endobj 34 0 obj <</BitsPerComponent 8/ColorSpace 11 0 R/Filter[/ASCII85Decode/FlateDecode]/Height 99/Length
389/Width 76>>stream 8;Z]!>n2K0%"Pm>4F%ckJWoG7BBD5_5:.Li<tod0rL@ISUjf\)i4X(_n"1$M?NXdE
?-JL6,tDE=RPi;lB@+7-='DSX1r_T>d(<5KYd0'$BU?CjK.coh)mL(bc^"ZC!LZaP
EZJ/i,%r!"F6%[n_CWuQonj=Z`IZcNAA2*J@%bZVJEo2OMiQ>6'n2][d6QA/##N@&
qaB)OR[c1HOT$0\jahg]:lGUJgg@dF!G_Q3.[MBa$p)%'Eu_H7AML3FSQ_7Z26JDm
((9g#[3Fng+,\+?S+X9Q(3?,+o!Kc'$f_AG&%;M<;pf[=S+93m&"K.Bq"40Fo^V88
3BS(i5MNRibps'O+:*Sg[hufG`Am2O(-)sAI`eSOHE(!@SP\ho!5[34_Z~> endstream endobj 35 0 obj <</Count 2/Kids[128 0 R 1 0
id="W5M0MpCehiHzreSzNTczkc9d"?> <x:xmpmeta xmlns:x="adobe:ns:meta/" x:xmptk="Adobe XMP Core 6.0-c002 79.164488,
2020/07/10-22:06:53 "> <rdf:RDF xmlns:rdf="http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#"> <rdf:Description rdf:about=""
xmlns:dc="http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/" xmlns:xmp="http://ns.adobe.com/xap/1.0/"
xmlns:xmpMM="http://ns.adobe.com/xap/1.0/mm/" xmlns:stRef="http://ns.adobe.com/xap/1.0/sType/ResourceRef#"
xmlns:stEvt="http://ns.adobe.com/xap/1.0/sType/ResourceEvent#" xmlns:xmpRights="http://ns.adobe.com/xap/1.0/rights/"
xmlns:pdf="http://ns.adobe.com/pdf/1.3/"> <dc:format>application/pdf</dc:format> <dc:title> <rdf:Alt> <rdf:li
xml:lang="x-default">Gather your materials&#xD;</rdf:li> </rdf:Alt> </dc:title> <dc:creator> <rdf:Seq> <rdf:li>Common
2020</rdf:li> </rdf:Alt> </dc:rights> <xmp:CreateDate>2020-12-29T15:47:54-05:00</xmp:CreateDate>
<xmp:MetadataDate>2020-12-29T15:47:55-05:00</xmp:MetadataDate>
<xmp:ModifyDate>2020-12-29T15:47:55-05:00</xmp:ModifyDate> <xmp:CreatorTool>Adobe InDesign 16.0
(Macintosh)</xmp:CreatorTool> <xmpMM:InstanceID>uuid:31fdcddb-0467-6d4b-ba7b-9a9a3c2b0c05</xmpMM:InstanceID>
<xmpMM:OriginalDocumentID>xmp.did:92db5277-9d80-48df-91f5-64b1a9203f29</xmpMM:OriginalDocumentID>
<xmpMM:DocumentID>xmp.id:328559c7-bc47-4546-a138-14eb8b2ec2f6</xmpMM:DocumentID>
<xmpMM:RenditionClass>proof:pdf</xmpMM:RenditionClass> <xmpMM:DerivedFrom rdf:parseType="Resource">
<stRef:instanceID>xmp.iid:8424a74e-0aba-49e6-8ff7-f7621cb8a018</stRef:instanceID>
<stRef:documentID>xmp.did:36ae8d2a-1ac9-4f98-8c83-f59241eb6ad5</stRef:documentID>
<stRef:originalDocumentID>xmp.did:92db5277-9d80-48df-91f5-64b1a9203f29</stRef:originalDocumentID>
<stRef:renditionClass>default</stRef:renditionClass> </xmpMM:DerivedFrom> <xmpMM:History> <rdf:Seq> <rdf:li
rdf:parseType="Resource"> <stEvt:action>converted</stEvt:action> <stEvt:parameters>from application/x-indesign to
application/pdf</stEvt:parameters> <stEvt:softwareAgent>Adobe InDesign 16.0 (Macintosh)</stEvt:softwareAgent>
<stEvt:changed>/</stEvt:changed> <stEvt:when>2020-12-29T15:47:54-05:00</stEvt:when> </rdf:li> </rdf:Seq>
</xmpMM:History> <xmpRights:Marked>True</xmpRights:Marked>
<xmpRights:WebStatement>commonapp.org</xmpRights:WebStatement> <pdf:Producer>Adobe PDF Library 15.0</pdf:Producer>
<pdf:Trapped>False</pdf:Trapped> </rdf:Description> </rdf:RDF> </x:xmpmeta> <?xpacket end="r"?> endstream endobj 37 0
obj <</Author(Common App)/CreationDate(D:20201229154754-05'00')/Creator(Adobe InDesign 16.0
\(Macintosh\))/ModDate(D:20201229154755-05'00')/Producer(Adobe PDF Library 15.0)/Title(Gather your
materials\r)/Trapped/False>> endobj xref 0 124 0000000000 65535 f 0000093154 00000 n 0000095102 00000 n 0000095147
00000 n 0000097707 00000 n 0000098111 00000 n 0000098613 00000 n 0000103733 00000 n 0000122042 00000 n 0000122722 00000
n 0000122779 00000 n 0000123292 00000 n 0000123340 00000 n 0000123371 00000 n 0000123429 00000 n 0000123656 00000 n
0000123892 00000 n 0000124406 00000 n 0000124684 00000 n 0000124962 00000 n 0000125137 00000 n 0000125367 00000 n
0000125881 00000 n 0000126111 00000 n 0000126169 00000 n 0000126227 00000 n 0000126741 00000 n 0000127019 00000 n
0000127062 00000 n 0000127148 00000 n 0000128316 00000 n 0000128403 00000 n 0000128639 00000 n 0000130288 00000 n
0000131006 00000 n 0000131536 00000 n 0000131596 00000 n 0000134809 00000 n 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
trailer <</Size 124/ID[<3BE01EE589F44A6EBC0359B78499FCB6><11F0C9AA9F874BB7A6554A0ED63F84F1>]>> startxref 116 %%EOF 186
5/Predictor 12>>/Filter/FlateDecode/Index[55 2 120 1 186 2]/Length 33/Size 188/Type/XRef/W[1 3 1]>>stream
91.164464, 2020/06/15-10:20:05 "> <rdf:RDF xmlns:rdf="http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#"> <rdf:Description
rdf:about="" xmlns:dc="http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/" xmlns:xmp="http://ns.adobe.com/xap/1.0/"
xmlns:xmpMM="http://ns.adobe.com/xap/1.0/mm/" xmlns:stRef="http://ns.adobe.com/xap/1.0/sType/ResourceRef#"
xmlns:stEvt="http://ns.adobe.com/xap/1.0/sType/ResourceEvent#" xmlns:xmpRights="http://ns.adobe.com/xap/1.0/rights/"
xmlns:pdf="http://ns.adobe.com/pdf/1.3/"> <dc:format>application/pdf</dc:format> <dc:title> <rdf:Alt> <rdf:li
xml:lang="x-default">Gather your materials&#xD;</rdf:li> </rdf:Alt> </dc:title> <dc:creator> <rdf:Seq> <rdf:li>Common
2020</rdf:li> </rdf:Alt> </dc:rights> <xmp:CreateDate>2020-12-29T15:47:54-05:00</xmp:CreateDate>
<xmp:MetadataDate>2020-12-29T15:49-05:00</xmp:MetadataDate> <xmp:ModifyDate>2020-12-29T15:49-05:00</xmp:ModifyDate>
<xmp:CreatorTool>Adobe InDesign 16.0 (Macintosh)</xmp:CreatorTool>
<xmpMM:InstanceID>uuid:e459b567-c854-6a47-aa07-c845776e3f64</xmpMM:InstanceID>
<xmpMM:OriginalDocumentID>xmp.did:92db5277-9d80-48df-91f5-64b1a9203f29</xmpMM:OriginalDocumentID>
<xmpMM:DocumentID>xmp.id:328559c7-bc47-4546-a138-14eb8b2ec2f6</xmpMM:DocumentID>
<xmpMM:RenditionClass>proof:pdf</xmpMM:RenditionClass> <xmpMM:DerivedFrom rdf:parseType="Resource">
<stRef:instanceID>xmp.iid:8424a74e-0aba-49e6-8ff7-f7621cb8a018</stRef:instanceID>
<stRef:documentID>xmp.did:36ae8d2a-1ac9-4f98-8c83-f59241eb6ad5</stRef:documentID>
<stRef:originalDocumentID>xmp.did:92db5277-9d80-48df-91f5-64b1a9203f29</stRef:originalDocumentID>
<stRef:renditionClass>default</stRef:renditionClass> </xmpMM:DerivedFrom> <xmpMM:History> <rdf:Seq> <rdf:li
rdf:parseType="Resource"> <stEvt:action>converted</stEvt:action> <stEvt:parameters>from application/x-indesign to
application/pdf</stEvt:parameters> <stEvt:softwareAgent>Adobe InDesign 16.0 (Macintosh)</stEvt:softwareAgent>
<stEvt:changed>/</stEvt:changed> <stEvt:when>2020-12-29T15:47:54-05:00</stEvt:when> </rdf:li> </rdf:Seq>
</xmpMM:History> <xmpRights:Marked>True</xmpRights:Marked>
<xmpRights:WebStatement>commonapp.org</xmpRights:WebStatement> <pdf:Producer>Adobe PDF Library 15.0</pdf:Producer>
<pdf:Trapped>False</pdf:Trapped> </rdf:Description> </rdf:RDF> </x:xmpmeta> <?xpacket end="w"?> endstream endobj 37 0
obj <</Author(Common App)/CreationDate(D:20201229154754-05'00')/Creator(Adobe InDesign 16.0
\(Macintosh\))/ModDate(D:20201229154900-05'00')/Producer(Adobe PDF Library 15.0)/Title(Gather your
materials\r)/Trapped/False>> endobj 127 0 obj <</DA(/Helv 0 Tf 0 g )/DR<</Encoding<</PDFDocEncoding 185 0
R>>/Font<</Helv 183 0 R/MinionPro-Regular 29 0 R/ZaDb 184 0 R>>>>/Fields 28 0 R>> endobj 128 0 obj <</Annots 129 0
R/ArtBox[0.0 0.0 612.0 792.0]/BleedBox[0.0 0.0 612.0 792.0]/Contents 182 0 R/CropBox[0.0 0.0 612.0 792.0]/Group 179 0
R/LastModified(D:20201229154835-05'00')/MediaBox[0.0 0.0 612.0 792.0]/Parent 35 0
mUIDToLocationDataMap<</0[1334.0 4.0 2.0 -270.0 -265.2 82.0 -150.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -22.0 -168.2]/1[1357.0 5.0 4.0
-315.0 -123.0 314.4 -121.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -306.6 58.0]/10[1552.0 22.0 4.0 -306.0 -318.0 306.0 -318.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0
0.0 -318.0]/11[1553.0 23.0 4.0 -306.0 -290.0 306.0 -290.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 -290.0]/12[1554.0 24.0 4.0 -306.0 312.0
306.0 312.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 312.0]/13[2658.0 7.0 4.0 151.395 -266.008 224.605 -122.008 1.90463 0.0 0.0 1.90463
-6648.66 -1778.4]/14[2678.0 8.0 2.0 -250.0 -93.0 270.0 -38.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -18.6667 109.5]/15[2785.0 19.0 4.0 -306.0
-121.0 306.0 -121.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 -121.0]/16[2816.0 15.0 2.0 -250.0 270.0 270.0 312.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -175.3
291.0]/17[2820.0 16.0 2.0 -250.0 144.0 270.0 256.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -175.3 165.0]/18[2870.0 17.0 2.0 -250.0 74.0 270.0
130.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -175.3 95.0]/19[2893.0 9.0 2.0 -250.0 -24.0 270.0 60.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -18.6667 178.5]/2[1358.0
6.0 0.0 106.0 -346.0 270.0 -122.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -306.0 0.0]/20[3070.0 10.0 4.0 -270.0 -90.0 -260.0 -80.0 1.0 0.0 0.0
1.0 -265.0 -85.0]/21[3077.0 11.0 4.0 -270.0 -20.0 -260.0 -10.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -265.0 -15.0]/22[3082.0 12.0 4.0 -270.0
78.0 -260.0 88.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -265.0 83.0]/23[3087.0 13.0 4.0 -270.0 148.0 -260.0 158.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -265.0
153.0]/24[3092.0 14.0 4.0 -270.0 274.0 -260.0 284.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -265.0 279.0]/3[1521.0 0.0 0.0 -270.0 -363.848
-106.0 -318.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -306.0 -20.6738]/4[1522.0 1.0 4.0 -270.0 -363.848 -106.0 -317.81 0.419754 0.0 0.0
0.419754 -270.0 -363.848]/5[1524.0 2.0 2.0 -270.48 362.834 -21.0235 368.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -96.9528 445.44]/6[1547.0 3.0
4.0 -270.0 338.0 -207.0 342.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/7[1548.0 18.0 4.0 -306.0 -360.0 306.0 -360.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
-360.0]/8[1550.0 20.0 4.0 -306.0 -93.0 306.0 -93.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 -93.0]/9[1551.0 21.0 4.0 -306.0 -149.0 306.0
-149.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 -149.0]>>/PageTransformationMatrixList<</0[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -306.0 -396.0]>>/PageUIDList<</0
1333>>/PageWidthList<</0 612.0>>>>>>/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 135 0 R/CS1 157 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 133 0 R/GS1 134
0 R>>/Font<</T1_0 155 0 R/T1_1 156 0 R>>/Pattern<</P0 150 0 R>>/ProcSet[/PDF/Text/ImageC]/XObject<</Im0 178 0
R>>>>/Rotate 0/StructParents 0/Tabs/S/Thumb 33 0 R/TrimBox[0.0 0.0 612.0 792.0]/Type/Page>> endobj 182 0 obj
endobj 183 0 obj <</BaseFont/Helvetica/Encoding 185 0 R/Name/Helv/Subtype/Type1/Type/Font>> endobj 184 0 obj
<</BaseFont/ZapfDingbats/Name/ZaDb/Subtype/Type1/Type/Font>> endobj 185 0 obj
<</Differences[24/breve/caron/circumflex/dotaccent/hungarumlaut/ogonek/ring/tilde 39/quotesingle 96/grave
128/bullet/dagger/daggerdbl/ellipsis/emdash/endash/florin/fraction/guilsinglleft/guilsinglright/minus/perthousand/quoted
blbase/quotedblleft/quotedblright/quoteleft/quoteright/quotesinglbase/trademark/fi/fl/Lslash/OE/Scaron/Ydieresis/Zcaron/
dotlessi/lslash/oe/scaron/zcaron 160/Euro 164/currency 166/brokenbar 168/dieresis/copyright/ordfeminine
172/logicalnot/.notdef/registered/macron/degree/plusminus/twosuperior/threesuperior/acute/mu
183/periodcentered/cedilla/onesuperior/ordmasculine 188/onequarter/onehalf/threequarters
192/Agrave/Aacute/Acircumflex/Atilde/Adieresis/Aring/AE/Ccedilla/Egrave/Eacute/Ecircumflex/Edieresis/Igrave/Iacute/Icirc
umflex/Idieresis/Eth/Ntilde/Ograve/Oacute/Ocircumflex/Otilde/Odieresis/multiply/Oslash/Ugrave/Uacute/Ucircumflex/Udieres
is/Yacute/Thorn/germandbls/agrave/aacute/acircumflex/atilde/adieresis/aring/ae/ccedilla/egrave/eacute/ecircumflex/ediere
sis/igrave/iacute/icircumflex/idieresis/eth/ntilde/ograve/oacute/ocircumflex/otilde/odieresis/divide/oslash/ugrave/uacut
e/ucircumflex/udieresis/yacute/thorn/ydieresis]/Type/Encoding>> endobj xref 0 1 0000000000 65535 f 36 2 0000138132
00000 n 0000143387 00000 n 55 2 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 120 1 0000000000 65535 f 127 2 0000143619 00000 n
0000143778 00000 n 182 6 0000146662 00000 n 0000151190 00000 n 0000151282 00000 n 0000151360 00000 n 0000137649 00000 n
0000137939 00000 n trailer <</Size 188/Root 125 0 R/Info 37 0
R/ID[<3BE01EE589F44A6EBC0359B78499FCB6><7E410872731E43B195DABB41F2604C51>]/Prev 116>> xref 0 1 0000000000 65535 f
trailer <</Size 188/Root 125 0 R/Info 37 0
R/ID[<3BE01EE589F44A6EBC0359B78499FCB6><7E410872731E43B195DABB41F2604C51>]/Prev 152553/XRefStm 137939>> startxref
153006 %%EOF
Title: 
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/static/d341bf86d118267336205a1144992c37/FY-Apply-College-Family-Brag-Sheet.pdf 
<>/Filter/FlateDecode/ID[<46FB5D78378B4024A78608077F263FB1><310D3EA23C996C42A20B3EED0EE6C526>]/Index[171 42]/Info 170 0
R/PageLayout/SinglePage/Pages 169 0 R/StructTreeRoot 46 0 R/Type/Catalog/ViewerPreferences<>>> endobj 173 0 obj
<>/PageTransformationMatrixList<>/PageUIDList<>/PageWidthList<>>>>>/Resources<>/ExtGState<>/Font<>/Pattern<>/ProcSet[/PD
F/Text]/Properties<>/Shading<>>>/Rotate 0/StructParents 0/Tabs/S/Thumb 29 0 R/TrimBox[0.0 0.0 612.0 792.0]/Type/Page>>
application/postscript Print Gaby Brink 2019-04-15T22:09:10-07:00 2019-04-15T22:09:10-07:00 2019-04-15T22:09:10-07:00
Adobe Illustrator CC 22.0 (Macintosh) xmp.iid:748eb9ba-88e2-4710-b64c-aacdfa58c3d9
xmp.did:748eb9ba-88e2-4710-b64c-aacdfa58c3d9 uuid:5D20892493BFDB11914A8590D31508C8 proof:pdf
xmp.iid:e243af5b-1d84-4171-8a29-c1832417ce51 xmp.did:e243af5b-1d84-4171-8a29-c1832417ce51
uuid:5D20892493BFDB11914A8590D31508C8 proof:pdf saved xmp.iid:7b2c22e5-0d12-4ec6-828b-42c63f277985
2019-02-25T18:17:38-08:00 Adobe Illustrator CC 22.0 (Macintosh) / saved xmp.iid:f3fc36b1-44ae-4ba9-b7b6-8d9700643b98
2019-02-26T09:35:44-08:00 Adobe Illustrator CC 22.0 (Macintosh) / converted from application/postscript to
application/vnd.adobe.illustrator saved xmp.iid:1c48f2e7-3780-43dc-99bb-cb60450a0b51 2019-03-22T15:34:35-07:00 Adobe
Illustrator CC 22.0 (Macintosh) / converted from application/postscript to application/vnd.adobe.illustrator converted
from application/postscript to application/vnd.adobe.illustrator converted from application/postscript to
application/vnd.adobe.illustrator converted from application/postscript to application/vnd.adobe.illustrator saved
xmp.iid:36c0a0bc-9cd5-4938-99bc-e60c55b22970 2019-04-15T22:07:40-07:00 Adobe Illustrator CC 22.0 (Macintosh) / saved
xmp.iid:748eb9ba-88e2-4710-b64c-aacdfa58c3d9 2019-04-15T22:09:10-07:00 Adobe Illustrator CC 22.0 (Macintosh) / Print
False False 1 792.000000 612.000000 Points Cyan Magenta Yellow Black Default Swatch Group 0 White RGB PROCESS 255 255
255 Black RGB PROCESS 35 31 32 CMYK Red RGB PROCESS 236 28 36 CMYK Yellow RGB PROCESS 255 241 0 CMYK Green RGB PROCESS
0 165 81 CMYK Cyan RGB PROCESS 0 173 238 CMYK Blue RGB PROCESS 46 49 145 CMYK Magenta RGB PROCESS 235 0 139 C=15 M=100
Y=90 K=10 RGB PROCESS 190 30 45 C=0 M=90 Y=85 K=0 RGB PROCESS 238 64 54 C=0 M=80 Y=95 K=0 RGB PROCESS 240 90 40 C=0
M=50 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 246 146 30 C=0 M=35 Y=85 K=0 RGB PROCESS 250 175 64 C=5 M=0 Y=90 K=0 RGB PROCESS 249 236 49
C=20 M=0 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 214 222 35 C=50 M=0 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 139 197 63 C=75 M=0 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 55
179 74 C=85 M=10 Y=100 K=10 RGB PROCESS 0 147 69 C=90 M=30 Y=95 K=30 RGB PROCESS 0 104 56 C=75 M=0 Y=75 K=0 RGB PROCESS
41 180 115 C=80 M=10 Y=45 K=0 RGB PROCESS 0 166 156 C=70 M=15 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 37 169 224 C=85 M=50 Y=0 K=0 RGB
PROCESS 27 117 187 C=100 M=95 Y=5 K=0 RGB PROCESS 43 56 143 C=100 M=100 Y=25 K=25 RGB PROCESS 38 34 97 C=75 M=100 Y=0
K=0 RGB PROCESS 101 45 144 C=50 M=100 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 144 39 142 C=35 M=100 Y=35 K=10 RGB PROCESS 158 31 99 C=10
M=100 Y=50 K=0 RGB PROCESS 217 28 92 C=0 M=95 Y=20 K=0 RGB PROCESS 236 41 123 C=25 M=25 Y=40 K=0 RGB PROCESS 193 180
154 C=40 M=45 Y=50 K=5 RGB PROCESS 154 132 121 C=50 M=50 Y=60 K=25 RGB PROCESS 113 101 88 C=55 M=60 Y=65 K=40 RGB
PROCESS 90 74 66 C=25 M=40 Y=65 K=0 RGB PROCESS 195 153 107 C=30 M=50 Y=75 K=10 RGB PROCESS 168 124 79 C=35 M=60 Y=80
K=25 RGB PROCESS 138 93 59 C=40 M=65 Y=90 K=35 RGB PROCESS 117 76 40 C=40 M=70 Y=100 K=50 RGB PROCESS 96 56 19 C=50
M=70 Y=80 K=70 RGB PROCESS 59 35 20 Grays 1 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=100 RGB PROCESS 35 31 32 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=90 RGB PROCESS 64 64
65 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=80 RGB PROCESS 88 89 91 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=70 RGB PROCESS 109 110 112 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=60 RGB PROCESS 128 129
132 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=50 RGB PROCESS 146 148 151 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=40 RGB PROCESS 166 168 171 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=30 RGB PROCESS 187
189 191 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=20 RGB PROCESS 208 210 211 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=10 RGB PROCESS 230 231 232 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=5 RGB PROCESS
241 241 242 Brights 1 C=0 M=100 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 236 28 36 C=0 M=75 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 241 101 34 C=0 M=10 Y=95
K=0 RGB PROCESS 255 221 21 C=85 M=10 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 0 161 75 C=100 M=90 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 34 64 153 C=60 M=90
Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 127 63 151 Adobe PDF library 10.01 endstream endobj 1 0 obj
<>/PageTransformationMatrixList<>/PageUIDList<>/PageWidthList<>>>>>/Resources<>/ExtGState<>/Font<>/Pattern<>/ProcSet[/PD
F/Text]>>/Rotate 0/StructParents 9/Tabs/S/Thumb 30 0 R/TrimBox[0.0 0.0 612.0 792.0]/Type/Page>> endobj 2 0 obj <>stream
<>/PageTransformationMatrixList<>/PageUIDList<>/PageWidthList<>>>>>/Resources<>/ExtGState<>/Font<>/Pattern<>/ProcSet[/PD
F/Text]>>/Rotate 0/StructParents 15/Tabs/S/Thumb 31 0 R/TrimBox[0.0 0.0 612.0 792.0]/Type/Page>> endobj 5 0 obj
<>/Subtype/Form/Type/XObject>>stream q 0.952942 g 0 0 540 70 re f 0.290192 G 0.5 0.5 539 69 re s Q endstream endobj 8 0
obj <>/Subtype/Form/Type/XObject>>stream q 0.952942 g 0 0 540 70 re f 0.290192 G 0.5 0.5 539 69 re s Q endstream endobj
endstream endobj 10 0 obj <>/Subtype/Form/Type/XObject>>stream
<>/Subtype/Form/Type/XObject>>stream q 0.952942 g 0 0 540 84 re f 0.290192 G 0.5 0.5 539 83 re s Q endstream endobj 12
endstream endobj 13 0 obj <>/Subtype/Form/Type/XObject>>stream q 0.952942 g 0 0 540 112 re f 0.290192 G 0.5 0.5 539 111
re s Q endstream endobj 14 0 obj <>/Subtype/Form/Type/XObject>>stream
0.5 0.5 539 69 re s Q endstream endobj 18 0 obj <>/Subtype/Form/Type/XObject>>stream q 0.952942 g 0 0 540 70 re f
0.290192 G 0.5 0.5 539 69 re s Q endstream endobj 19 0 obj <>/Subtype/Form/Type/XObject>>stream q 0.952942 g 0 0 540 70
re f 0.290192 G 0.5 0.5 539 69 re s Q endstream endobj 20 0 obj <>/Subtype/Form/Type/XObject>>stream q 0.952942 g 0 0
540 98 re f 0.290192 G 0.5 0.5 539 97 re s Q endstream endobj 21 0 obj <>/Subtype/Form/Type/XObject>>stream
<>/Subtype/Form/Type/XObject>>stream q 0.952942 g 0 0 540 70 re f 0.290192 G 0.5 0.5 539 69 re s Q endstream endobj 23
2023-09-22T14:47:19-05:00 Adobe InDesign 18.4 (Macintosh) uuid:a263b2f8-8b56-4401-a803-b65d769289eb
xmp.did:92db5277-9d80-48df-91f5-64b1a9203f29 xmp.id:ec9d22e7-da63-40bf-9970-65c3027f6b6f proof:pdf
xmp.iid:c7d23f95-04fa-4850-a35b-b3d8dcbcf12c xmp.did:2d99458b-e720-431d-9ed4-e6c3c45b5833
xmp.did:92db5277-9d80-48df-91f5-64b1a9203f29 default converted from application/x-indesign to application/pdf Adobe
InDesign 18.4 (Macintosh) / 2023-07-17T11:56:36-04:00 True commonapp.org Adobe PDF Library 17.0 False endstream endobj
<>/Filter/FlateDecode/ID[<46FB5D78378B4024A78608077F263FB1><310D3EA23C996C42A20B3EED0EE6C526>]/Info 170 0 R/Length
Title: 
 url:
https://www.commonapp.org/static/282333ce43c3c327317762e9e5824a8f/FY-Apply-College-Activities-Section-Common-App.pdf 
endobj 102 0 obj <>/Metadata 13 0 R/PageLayout/SinglePage/Pages 99 0 R/StructTreeRoot 28 0
R/Type/Catalog/ViewerPreferences<>>> endobj 103 0 obj
<>/PageTransformationMatrixList<>/PageUIDList<>/PageWidthList<>>>>>/Resources<>/ExtGState<>/Font<>/Pattern<>/ProcSet[/PD
F/Text]/Properties<>/Shading<>>>/Rotate 0/StructParents 0/Tabs/S/Thumb 11 0 R/TrimBox[0.0 0.0 612.0 792.0]/Type/Page>>
2019-04-15T22:09:10-07:00 2019-04-15T22:09:10-07:00 2019-04-15T22:09:10-07:00 Adobe Illustrator CC 22.0 (Macintosh)
xmp.iid:748eb9ba-88e2-4710-b64c-aacdfa58c3d9 xmp.did:748eb9ba-88e2-4710-b64c-aacdfa58c3d9
uuid:5D20892493BFDB11914A8590D31508C8 proof:pdf xmp.iid:e243af5b-1d84-4171-8a29-c1832417ce51
xmp.did:e243af5b-1d84-4171-8a29-c1832417ce51 uuid:5D20892493BFDB11914A8590D31508C8 proof:pdf saved
xmp.iid:7b2c22e5-0d12-4ec6-828b-42c63f277985 2019-02-25T18:17:38-08:00 Adobe Illustrator CC 22.0 (Macintosh) / saved
xmp.iid:f3fc36b1-44ae-4ba9-b7b6-8d9700643b98 2019-02-26T09:35:44-08:00 Adobe Illustrator CC 22.0 (Macintosh) /
converted from application/postscript to application/vnd.adobe.illustrator saved
xmp.iid:1c48f2e7-3780-43dc-99bb-cb60450a0b51 2019-03-22T15:34:35-07:00 Adobe Illustrator CC 22.0 (Macintosh) /
converted from application/postscript to application/vnd.adobe.illustrator converted from application/postscript to
application/vnd.adobe.illustrator converted from application/postscript to application/vnd.adobe.illustrator converted
from application/postscript to application/vnd.adobe.illustrator saved xmp.iid:36c0a0bc-9cd5-4938-99bc-e60c55b22970
2019-04-15T22:07:40-07:00 Adobe Illustrator CC 22.0 (Macintosh) / saved xmp.iid:748eb9ba-88e2-4710-b64c-aacdfa58c3d9
2019-04-15T22:09:10-07:00 Adobe Illustrator CC 22.0 (Macintosh) / Print False False 1 792.000000 612.000000 Points Cyan
Magenta Yellow Black Default Swatch Group 0 White RGB PROCESS 255 255 255 Black RGB PROCESS 35 31 32 CMYK Red RGB
PROCESS 236 28 36 CMYK Yellow RGB PROCESS 255 241 0 CMYK Green RGB PROCESS 0 165 81 CMYK Cyan RGB PROCESS 0 173 238
CMYK Blue RGB PROCESS 46 49 145 CMYK Magenta RGB PROCESS 235 0 139 C=15 M=100 Y=90 K=10 RGB PROCESS 190 30 45 C=0 M=90
Y=85 K=0 RGB PROCESS 238 64 54 C=0 M=80 Y=95 K=0 RGB PROCESS 240 90 40 C=0 M=50 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 246 146 30 C=0
M=35 Y=85 K=0 RGB PROCESS 250 175 64 C=5 M=0 Y=90 K=0 RGB PROCESS 249 236 49 C=20 M=0 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 214 222 35
C=50 M=0 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 139 197 63 C=75 M=0 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 55 179 74 C=85 M=10 Y=100 K=10 RGB PROCESS 0
147 69 C=90 M=30 Y=95 K=30 RGB PROCESS 0 104 56 C=75 M=0 Y=75 K=0 RGB PROCESS 41 180 115 C=80 M=10 Y=45 K=0 RGB PROCESS
0 166 156 C=70 M=15 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 37 169 224 C=85 M=50 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 27 117 187 C=100 M=95 Y=5 K=0 RGB
PROCESS 43 56 143 C=100 M=100 Y=25 K=25 RGB PROCESS 38 34 97 C=75 M=100 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 101 45 144 C=50 M=100 Y=0
K=0 RGB PROCESS 144 39 142 C=35 M=100 Y=35 K=10 RGB PROCESS 158 31 99 C=10 M=100 Y=50 K=0 RGB PROCESS 217 28 92 C=0
M=95 Y=20 K=0 RGB PROCESS 236 41 123 C=25 M=25 Y=40 K=0 RGB PROCESS 193 180 154 C=40 M=45 Y=50 K=5 RGB PROCESS 154 132
121 C=50 M=50 Y=60 K=25 RGB PROCESS 113 101 88 C=55 M=60 Y=65 K=40 RGB PROCESS 90 74 66 C=25 M=40 Y=65 K=0 RGB PROCESS
195 153 107 C=30 M=50 Y=75 K=10 RGB PROCESS 168 124 79 C=35 M=60 Y=80 K=25 RGB PROCESS 138 93 59 C=40 M=65 Y=90 K=35
RGB PROCESS 117 76 40 C=40 M=70 Y=100 K=50 RGB PROCESS 96 56 19 C=50 M=70 Y=80 K=70 RGB PROCESS 59 35 20 Grays 1 C=0
M=0 Y=0 K=100 RGB PROCESS 35 31 32 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=90 RGB PROCESS 64 64 65 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=80 RGB PROCESS 88 89 91 C=0 M=0
Y=0 K=70 RGB PROCESS 109 110 112 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=60 RGB PROCESS 128 129 132 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=50 RGB PROCESS 146 148 151 C=0
M=0 Y=0 K=40 RGB PROCESS 166 168 171 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=30 RGB PROCESS 187 189 191 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=20 RGB PROCESS 208 210 211
C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=10 RGB PROCESS 230 231 232 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=5 RGB PROCESS 241 241 242 Brights 1 C=0 M=100 Y=100 K=0 RGB
PROCESS 236 28 36 C=0 M=75 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 241 101 34 C=0 M=10 Y=95 K=0 RGB PROCESS 255 221 21 C=85 M=10 Y=100
K=0 RGB PROCESS 0 161 75 C=100 M=90 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 34 64 153 C=60 M=90 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 127 63 151 Adobe PDF
library 10.01 endstream endobj 1 0 obj
<>/PageTransformationMatrixList<>/PageUIDList<>/PageWidthList<>>>>>/Resources<>/ExtGState<>/Font<>/Pattern<>/ProcSet[/PD
F/Text]>>/Rotate 0/StructParents 3/Tabs/S/Thumb 12 0 R/TrimBox[0.0 0.0 612.0 792.0]/Type/Page>> endobj 2 0 obj <>stream
through Common App's Activities section. Showcase pursuits and passions that define you beyond academics. college
application Common App extracurricular activities 2023-07-18T16:19:54-04:00 2023-09-22T14:48:17-05:00
2023-09-22T14:48:17-05:00 Adobe InDesign 18.4 (Macintosh) uuid:f1a7cc5e-b435-49ca-94f4-4133dd72054b
xmp.did:92db5277-9d80-48df-91f5-64b1a9203f29 xmp.id:27305e36-7827-4bdb-a211-622750d2fec5 proof:pdf
xmp.iid:81ee9c99-b78f-4437-86ea-dd34f0783ee7 xmp.did:c130efa0-fc25-4931-aa18-f491985277ad
xmp.did:92db5277-9d80-48df-91f5-64b1a9203f29 default converted from application/x-indesign to application/pdf Adobe
InDesign 18.4 (Macintosh) / 2023-07-18T16:19:54-04:00 True Adobe PDF Library 17.0 Unknown college application; Common
, endstream endobj 15 0 obj <>stream
<>/Filter/FlateDecode/ID[<0FAC96F85A8875499E35C824ECAE5E15>]/Info 100 0 R/Length 106/Root 102 0 R/Size
Title: 
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/static/46c87369967aa83c3d1734d5a7becfee/Common_App_Application_Dictionary.pdf 
00000 n 0000005805 00000 n 0000005832 00000 n 0000005946 00000 n 0000007446 00000 n 0000007988 00000 n 0000008624 00000
n 0000008727 00000 n 0000008839 00000 n 0000009444 00000 n 0000010450 00000 n 0000010487 00000 n 0000010515 00000 n
0000010617 00000 n 0000011070 00000 n 0000011216 00000 n 0000011311 00000 n 0000011408 00000 n 0000011815 00000 n
0000012335 00000 n 0000013708 00000 n 0000014916 00000 n 0000016217 00000 n 0000017766 00000 n 0000019482 00000 n
0000020621 00000 n 0000020741 00000 n 0000023944 00000 n 0000026602 00000 n 0000031333 00000 n 0000064555 00000 n
0000064594 00000 n 0000064715 00000 n 0000064835 00000 n 0000064946 00000 n 0000065090 00000 n 0000001472 00000 n
0000001116 00000 n trailer <]/Prev 110921/XRefStm 1472>> startxref 0 %%EOF 434 0 obj <>stream
R/OpenAction 396 0 R/Outlines 14 0 R/PageLayout/SinglePage/Pages 19 0 R/StructTreeRoot 22 0
R/Type/Catalog/ViewerPreferences<>>> endobj 396 0 obj <> endobj 397 0 obj
<>/ExtGState<>/Font<>/Pattern<>/ProcSet[/PDF/Text]/Properties<>/Shading<>>>/Rotate 0/StructParents 0/TrimBox[0.0 0.0
612.0 792.0]/Type/Page/PieceInfo</LastModified/NumberOfPageItemsInPage 34/NumberofPages
1/OriginalDocumentID/PageItemUIDToLocationDataMap<>/PageTransformationMatrixList<>/PageUIDList<>/PageWidthList<>>>>>>>
endobj 426 0 obj <>stream application/postscript Print Gaby Brink 2019-04-15T22:09:10-07:00 2019-04-15T22:09:10-07:00
2019-04-15T22:09:10-07:00 Adobe Illustrator CC 22.0 (Macintosh) xmp.iid:748eb9ba-88e2-4710-b64c-aacdfa58c3d9
xmp.did:748eb9ba-88e2-4710-b64c-aacdfa58c3d9 uuid:5D20892493BFDB11914A8590D31508C8 proof:pdf
xmp.iid:e243af5b-1d84-4171-8a29-c1832417ce51 xmp.did:e243af5b-1d84-4171-8a29-c1832417ce51
uuid:5D20892493BFDB11914A8590D31508C8 proof:pdf saved xmp.iid:7b2c22e5-0d12-4ec6-828b-42c63f277985
2019-02-25T18:17:38-08:00 Adobe Illustrator CC 22.0 (Macintosh) / saved xmp.iid:f3fc36b1-44ae-4ba9-b7b6-8d9700643b98
2019-02-26T09:35:44-08:00 Adobe Illustrator CC 22.0 (Macintosh) / converted from application/postscript to
application/vnd.adobe.illustrator saved xmp.iid:1c48f2e7-3780-43dc-99bb-cb60450a0b51 2019-03-22T15:34:35-07:00 Adobe
Illustrator CC 22.0 (Macintosh) / converted from application/postscript to application/vnd.adobe.illustrator converted
from application/postscript to application/vnd.adobe.illustrator converted from application/postscript to
application/vnd.adobe.illustrator converted from application/postscript to application/vnd.adobe.illustrator saved
xmp.iid:36c0a0bc-9cd5-4938-99bc-e60c55b22970 2019-04-15T22:07:40-07:00 Adobe Illustrator CC 22.0 (Macintosh) / saved
xmp.iid:748eb9ba-88e2-4710-b64c-aacdfa58c3d9 2019-04-15T22:09:10-07:00 Adobe Illustrator CC 22.0 (Macintosh) / Print
False False 1 792.000000 612.000000 Points Cyan Magenta Yellow Black Default Swatch Group 0 White RGB PROCESS 255 255
255 Black RGB PROCESS 35 31 32 CMYK Red RGB PROCESS 236 28 36 CMYK Yellow RGB PROCESS 255 241 0 CMYK Green RGB PROCESS
0 165 81 CMYK Cyan RGB PROCESS 0 173 238 CMYK Blue RGB PROCESS 46 49 145 CMYK Magenta RGB PROCESS 235 0 139 C=15 M=100
Y=90 K=10 RGB PROCESS 190 30 45 C=0 M=90 Y=85 K=0 RGB PROCESS 238 64 54 C=0 M=80 Y=95 K=0 RGB PROCESS 240 90 40 C=0
M=50 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 246 146 30 C=0 M=35 Y=85 K=0 RGB PROCESS 250 175 64 C=5 M=0 Y=90 K=0 RGB PROCESS 249 236 49
C=20 M=0 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 214 222 35 C=50 M=0 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 139 197 63 C=75 M=0 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 55
179 74 C=85 M=10 Y=100 K=10 RGB PROCESS 0 147 69 C=90 M=30 Y=95 K=30 RGB PROCESS 0 104 56 C=75 M=0 Y=75 K=0 RGB PROCESS
41 180 115 C=80 M=10 Y=45 K=0 RGB PROCESS 0 166 156 C=70 M=15 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 37 169 224 C=85 M=50 Y=0 K=0 RGB
PROCESS 27 117 187 C=100 M=95 Y=5 K=0 RGB PROCESS 43 56 143 C=100 M=100 Y=25 K=25 RGB PROCESS 38 34 97 C=75 M=100 Y=0
K=0 RGB PROCESS 101 45 144 C=50 M=100 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 144 39 142 C=35 M=100 Y=35 K=10 RGB PROCESS 158 31 99 C=10
M=100 Y=50 K=0 RGB PROCESS 217 28 92 C=0 M=95 Y=20 K=0 RGB PROCESS 236 41 123 C=25 M=25 Y=40 K=0 RGB PROCESS 193 180
154 C=40 M=45 Y=50 K=5 RGB PROCESS 154 132 121 C=50 M=50 Y=60 K=25 RGB PROCESS 113 101 88 C=55 M=60 Y=65 K=40 RGB
PROCESS 90 74 66 C=25 M=40 Y=65 K=0 RGB PROCESS 195 153 107 C=30 M=50 Y=75 K=10 RGB PROCESS 168 124 79 C=35 M=60 Y=80
K=25 RGB PROCESS 138 93 59 C=40 M=65 Y=90 K=35 RGB PROCESS 117 76 40 C=40 M=70 Y=100 K=50 RGB PROCESS 96 56 19 C=50
M=70 Y=80 K=70 RGB PROCESS 59 35 20 Grays 1 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=100 RGB PROCESS 35 31 32 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=90 RGB PROCESS 64 64
65 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=80 RGB PROCESS 88 89 91 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=70 RGB PROCESS 109 110 112 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=60 RGB PROCESS 128 129
132 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=50 RGB PROCESS 146 148 151 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=40 RGB PROCESS 166 168 171 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=30 RGB PROCESS 187
189 191 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=20 RGB PROCESS 208 210 211 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=10 RGB PROCESS 230 231 232 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=5 RGB PROCESS
241 241 242 Brights 1 C=0 M=100 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 236 28 36 C=0 M=75 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 241 101 34 C=0 M=10 Y=95
K=0 RGB PROCESS 255 221 21 C=85 M=10 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 0 161 75 C=100 M=90 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 34 64 153 C=60 M=90
Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 127 63 151 Adobe PDF library 10.01 endstream endobj 427 0 obj <> endobj 428 0 obj <> endobj 429 0
obj <> endobj 430 0 obj <> endobj 431 0 obj <> endobj 432 0 obj <> endobj 1 0 obj
<>/ExtGState<>/Font<>/ProcSet[/PDF/Text]/XObject<>>>/Rotate 0/StructParents 2/TrimBox[0.0 0.0 612.0
792.0]/Type/Page/PieceInfo</LastModified/NumberOfPageItemsInPage 25/NumberofPages
1/OriginalDocumentID/PageItemUIDToLocationDataMap<>/PageTransformationMatrixList<>/PageUIDList<>/PageWidthList<>>>>>>>
0/StructParents 3/TrimBox[0.0 0.0 612.0 792.0]/Type/Page/PieceInfo</LastModified/NumberOfPageItemsInPage
22/NumberofPages
1/OriginalDocumentID/PageItemUIDToLocationDataMap<>/PageTransformationMatrixList<>/PageUIDList<>/PageWidthList<>>>>>>>
<>/ExtGState<>/Font<>/ProcSet[/PDF/Text]/XObject<>>>/Rotate 0/StructParents 4/TrimBox[0.0 0.0 612.0
792.0]/Type/Page/PieceInfo</LastModified/NumberOfPageItemsInPage 24/NumberofPages
1/OriginalDocumentID/PageItemUIDToLocationDataMap<>/PageTransformationMatrixList<>/PageUIDList<>/PageWidthList<>>>>>>>
0/StructParents 5/TrimBox[0.0 0.0 612.0 792.0]/Type/Page/PieceInfo</LastModified/NumberOfPageItemsInPage
30/NumberofPages
1/OriginalDocumentID/PageItemUIDToLocationDataMap<>/PageTransformationMatrixList<>/PageUIDList<>/PageWidthList<>>>>>>>
endobj 9 0 obj <>/ExtGState<>/Font<>/ProcSet[/PDF/Text]/XObject<>>>/Rotate 0/StructParents 6/TrimBox[0.0 0.0 612.0
792.0]/Type/Page/PieceInfo</LastModified/NumberOfPageItemsInPage 20/NumberofPages
1/OriginalDocumentID/PageItemUIDToLocationDataMap<>/PageTransformationMatrixList<>/PageUIDList<>/PageWidthList<>>>>>>>
<>/ExtGState<>/Font<>/Pattern<>/ProcSet[/PDF/Text]>>/Subtype/Form>>stream
2023-07-24T15:05:57-04:00 2023-07-24T15:05:57-04:00 Adobe InDesign 18.4 (Macintosh)
uuid:14bb8c6d-9da2-c744-b89d-51bc7e5e7cbb xmp.did:92db5277-9d80-48df-91f5-64b1a9203f29
xmp.id:df4a21b2-a2ee-43be-aea7-9cf2722d5b0b proof:pdf xmp.iid:8df934a5-55cb-48f4-85ac-cccb2e16342b
xmp.did:a19fc4fc-1fa7-4817-b6a2-73830ba115d6 xmp.did:92db5277-9d80-48df-91f5-64b1a9203f29 default converted from
application/x-indesign to application/pdf Adobe InDesign 18.4 (Macintosh) / 2023-07-24T15:05:56-04:00 True
commonapp.org Adobe PDF Library 17.0 False endstream endobj 21 0 obj <> endobj xref 0 394 0000000000 65535 f 0000065236
00000 n 0000068325 00000 n 0000072364 00000 n 0000075205 00000 n 0000079030 00000 n 0000082056 00000 n 0000086006 00000
n 0000089540 00000 n 0000093377 00000 n 0000096086 00000 n 0000099895 00000 n 0000100467 00000 n 0000100973 00000 n
0000101392 00000 n 0000101435 00000 n 0000103467 00000 n 0000104656 00000 n 0000105911 00000 n 0000107358 00000 n
0000107442 00000 n 0000110671 00000 n 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f trailer <]>> startxref 116 %%EOF 1 0 obj
<>/PageTransformationMatrixList<>/PageUIDList<>/PageWidthList<>>>>>/Resources<>/ExtGState<>/Font<>/ProcSet[/PDF/Text]/XO
bject<>>>/Rotate 0/StructParents 2/Tabs/S/TrimBox[0.0 0.0 612.0 792.0]/Type/Page>> endobj 3 0 obj
<>/PageTransformationMatrixList<>/PageUIDList<>/PageWidthList<>>>>>/Resources<>/ExtGState<>/Font<>/ProcSet[/PDF/Text]/XO
bject<>>>/Rotate 0/StructParents 3/Tabs/S/TrimBox[0.0 0.0 612.0 792.0]/Type/Page>> endobj 5 0 obj
<>/PageTransformationMatrixList<>/PageUIDList<>/PageWidthList<>>>>>/Resources<>/ExtGState<>/Font<>/ProcSet[/PDF/Text]/XO
bject<>>>/Rotate 0/StructParents 4/Tabs/S/TrimBox[0.0 0.0 612.0 792.0]/Type/Page>> endobj 7 0 obj
<>/PageTransformationMatrixList<>/PageUIDList<>/PageWidthList<>>>>>/Resources<>/ExtGState<>/Font<>/ProcSet[/PDF/Text]/XO
bject<>>>/Rotate 0/StructParents 5/Tabs/S/TrimBox[0.0 0.0 612.0 792.0]/Type/Page>> endobj 9 0 obj
<>/PageTransformationMatrixList<>/PageUIDList<>/PageWidthList<>>>>>/Resources<>/ExtGState<>/Font<>/ProcSet[/PDF/Text]/XO
bject<>>>/Rotate 0/StructParents 6/Tabs/S/TrimBox[0.0 0.0 612.0 792.0]/Type/Page>> endobj 20 0 obj <>stream
2023-07-24T15:06:46-04:00 2023-07-24T15:06:46-04:00 Adobe InDesign 18.4 (Macintosh)
uuid:dee6b8b4-d705-6a4a-b680-070c09042148 xmp.did:92db5277-9d80-48df-91f5-64b1a9203f29
xmp.id:df4a21b2-a2ee-43be-aea7-9cf2722d5b0b proof:pdf xmp.iid:8df934a5-55cb-48f4-85ac-cccb2e16342b
xmp.did:a19fc4fc-1fa7-4817-b6a2-73830ba115d6 xmp.did:92db5277-9d80-48df-91f5-64b1a9203f29 default converted from
application/x-indesign to application/pdf Adobe InDesign 18.4 (Macintosh) / 2023-07-24T15:05:56-04:00 True
commonapp.org Adobe PDF Library 17.0 False endstream endobj 21 0 obj <> endobj 397 0 obj
<>/PageTransformationMatrixList<>/PageUIDList<>/PageWidthList<>>>>>/Resources<>/ExtGState<>/Font<>/Pattern<>/ProcSet[/PD
F/Text]/Properties<>/Shading<>>>/Rotate 0/StructParents 0/Tabs/S/TrimBox[0.0 0.0 612.0 792.0]/Type/Page>> endobj xref 0
2 0000000000 65535 f 0000118929 00000 n 3 1 0000121809 00000 n 5 1 0000124441 00000 n 7 1 0000127258 00000 n 9 1
0000130583 00000 n 20 2 0000133083 00000 n 0000138360 00000 n 397 1 0000138610 00000 n trailer
<<8E518C72C46A472296EC318F29735697>]/Prev 116>> startxref 142259 %%EOF
Title: 
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/static/4b1e27da517045719be8bca3d89dd03a/FYHowFYWorksCAReady_0.pdf 
n 0000004873 00000 n 0000004908 00000 n 0000006500 00000 n 0000007066 00000 n 0000007497 00000 n 0000007524 00000 n
0000008563 00000 n 0000009964 00000 n 0000011132 00000 n 0000012363 00000 n 0000013691 00000 n 0000014909 00000 n
0000016413 00000 n 0000019061 00000 n 0000019174 00000 n 0000019285 00000 n 0000019373 00000 n 0000023209 00000 n
0000023698 00000 n 0000024263 00000 n 0000027142 00000 n 0000027536 00000 n 0000028015 00000 n 0000028134 00000 n
0000028229 00000 n 0000028372 00000 n 0000028472 00000 n 0000061693 00000 n 0000061730 00000 n 0000061851 00000 n
0000061971 00000 n 0000062082 00000 n 0000062226 00000 n 0000001344 00000 n 0000001076 00000 n trailer
R/PageLayout/SinglePage/Pages 6 0 R/StructTreeRoot 9 0 R/Type/Catalog/ViewerPreferences<>>> endobj 70 0 obj
</LastModified/NumberOfPageItemsInPage 24/NumberofPages
1/OriginalDocumentID/PageItemUIDToLocationDataMap<>/PageTransformationMatrixList<>/PageUIDList<>/PageWidthList<>>>>>/Res
ources<>/ExtGState<>/Font<>/Pattern<>/ProcSet[/PDF/Text]/Properties<>/Shading<>>>/Rotate 0/StructParents 0/Tabs/S/Thumb
5 0 R/TrimBox[0.0 0.0 612.0 792.0]/Type/Page>> endobj 71 0 obj [57 0 R 59 0 R 53 0 R] endobj 72 0 obj [/ICCBased 84 0
endobj 94 0 obj <> endobj 95 0 obj <> endobj 96 0 obj <> endobj 97 0 obj <> endobj 98 0 obj <>stream
application/postscript Print Gaby Brink 2019-04-15T22:09:10-07:00 2019-04-15T22:09:10-07:00 2019-04-15T22:09:10-07:00
Adobe Illustrator CC 22.0 (Macintosh) xmp.iid:748eb9ba-88e2-4710-b64c-aacdfa58c3d9
xmp.did:748eb9ba-88e2-4710-b64c-aacdfa58c3d9 uuid:5D20892493BFDB11914A8590D31508C8 proof:pdf
xmp.iid:e243af5b-1d84-4171-8a29-c1832417ce51 xmp.did:e243af5b-1d84-4171-8a29-c1832417ce51
uuid:5D20892493BFDB11914A8590D31508C8 proof:pdf saved xmp.iid:7b2c22e5-0d12-4ec6-828b-42c63f277985
2019-02-25T18:17:38-08:00 Adobe Illustrator CC 22.0 (Macintosh) / saved xmp.iid:f3fc36b1-44ae-4ba9-b7b6-8d9700643b98
2019-02-26T09:35:44-08:00 Adobe Illustrator CC 22.0 (Macintosh) / converted from application/postscript to
application/vnd.adobe.illustrator saved xmp.iid:1c48f2e7-3780-43dc-99bb-cb60450a0b51 2019-03-22T15:34:35-07:00 Adobe
Illustrator CC 22.0 (Macintosh) / converted from application/postscript to application/vnd.adobe.illustrator converted
from application/postscript to application/vnd.adobe.illustrator converted from application/postscript to
application/vnd.adobe.illustrator converted from application/postscript to application/vnd.adobe.illustrator saved
xmp.iid:36c0a0bc-9cd5-4938-99bc-e60c55b22970 2019-04-15T22:07:40-07:00 Adobe Illustrator CC 22.0 (Macintosh) / saved
xmp.iid:748eb9ba-88e2-4710-b64c-aacdfa58c3d9 2019-04-15T22:09:10-07:00 Adobe Illustrator CC 22.0 (Macintosh) / Print
False False 1 792.000000 612.000000 Points Cyan Magenta Yellow Black Default Swatch Group 0 White RGB PROCESS 255 255
255 Black RGB PROCESS 35 31 32 CMYK Red RGB PROCESS 236 28 36 CMYK Yellow RGB PROCESS 255 241 0 CMYK Green RGB PROCESS
0 165 81 CMYK Cyan RGB PROCESS 0 173 238 CMYK Blue RGB PROCESS 46 49 145 CMYK Magenta RGB PROCESS 235 0 139 C=15 M=100
Y=90 K=10 RGB PROCESS 190 30 45 C=0 M=90 Y=85 K=0 RGB PROCESS 238 64 54 C=0 M=80 Y=95 K=0 RGB PROCESS 240 90 40 C=0
M=50 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 246 146 30 C=0 M=35 Y=85 K=0 RGB PROCESS 250 175 64 C=5 M=0 Y=90 K=0 RGB PROCESS 249 236 49
C=20 M=0 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 214 222 35 C=50 M=0 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 139 197 63 C=75 M=0 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 55
179 74 C=85 M=10 Y=100 K=10 RGB PROCESS 0 147 69 C=90 M=30 Y=95 K=30 RGB PROCESS 0 104 56 C=75 M=0 Y=75 K=0 RGB PROCESS
41 180 115 C=80 M=10 Y=45 K=0 RGB PROCESS 0 166 156 C=70 M=15 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 37 169 224 C=85 M=50 Y=0 K=0 RGB
PROCESS 27 117 187 C=100 M=95 Y=5 K=0 RGB PROCESS 43 56 143 C=100 M=100 Y=25 K=25 RGB PROCESS 38 34 97 C=75 M=100 Y=0
K=0 RGB PROCESS 101 45 144 C=50 M=100 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 144 39 142 C=35 M=100 Y=35 K=10 RGB PROCESS 158 31 99 C=10
M=100 Y=50 K=0 RGB PROCESS 217 28 92 C=0 M=95 Y=20 K=0 RGB PROCESS 236 41 123 C=25 M=25 Y=40 K=0 RGB PROCESS 193 180
154 C=40 M=45 Y=50 K=5 RGB PROCESS 154 132 121 C=50 M=50 Y=60 K=25 RGB PROCESS 113 101 88 C=55 M=60 Y=65 K=40 RGB
PROCESS 90 74 66 C=25 M=40 Y=65 K=0 RGB PROCESS 195 153 107 C=30 M=50 Y=75 K=10 RGB PROCESS 168 124 79 C=35 M=60 Y=80
K=25 RGB PROCESS 138 93 59 C=40 M=65 Y=90 K=35 RGB PROCESS 117 76 40 C=40 M=70 Y=100 K=50 RGB PROCESS 96 56 19 C=50
M=70 Y=80 K=70 RGB PROCESS 59 35 20 Grays 1 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=100 RGB PROCESS 35 31 32 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=90 RGB PROCESS 64 64
65 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=80 RGB PROCESS 88 89 91 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=70 RGB PROCESS 109 110 112 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=60 RGB PROCESS 128 129
132 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=50 RGB PROCESS 146 148 151 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=40 RGB PROCESS 166 168 171 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=30 RGB PROCESS 187
189 191 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=20 RGB PROCESS 208 210 211 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=10 RGB PROCESS 230 231 232 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=5 RGB PROCESS
241 241 242 Brights 1 C=0 M=100 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 236 28 36 C=0 M=75 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 241 101 34 C=0 M=10 Y=95
K=0 RGB PROCESS 255 221 21 C=85 M=10 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 0 161 75 C=100 M=90 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 34 64 153 C=60 M=90
Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 127 63 151 Adobe PDF library 10.01 endstream endobj 99 0 obj <> endobj 100 0 obj <> endobj 101 0
obj <> endobj 102 0 obj <> endobj 103 0 obj <> endobj 104 0 obj <> endobj 1 0 obj <>stream
8;X]O>EqN@%''O_@%e@?J;%+8(9e>X=MR6S?i^YgA3=].HDXF.R$lIL@"pJ+EP(%0
b]6ajmNZn*!='OQZeQ^Y*,=]?C.B+\Ulg9dhD*"iC[;*=3`oP1[!S^)?1)IZ4dup` E1r!/,*0[*9.aFIR2&b-C#soRZ7Dl%MLY\.?d>Mn
6%Q2oYfNRF$$+ON<+]RUJmC0InDZ4OTs0S!saG>GGKUlQ*Q?45:CI&4J'_2j$XKrcYp0n+Xl_nU*O( l[$6Nn+Z_Nq0]s7hs]`XX1nZ8&94a\~>
<>stream 8;Z\64*JLa&C_/^dRd]cNHGPoEM\;`FHtnRFb5q:Z@%<:G2i6Q4?4#uZbu-]!'%5"
cfM&DfCDmX?te*`<+MQ0i;$KhmM`[3SSEGKG5oS5b$f:8>`M^PW.L,`\o:4q8p,:8
lD\Pu]#IR5<6a:YD`Nt^P0g%mf9q7f>l%dUBf@<4OtNW_L1@$/X4U8i7_pF"gmF#n M:A\rHhtdC[s;5L@df[kk1<(f;$FLQZK5/"ePfQ/
[6Wd!2&Oh8H@/!dY!hMTU01p90C`E0f&GQf&Zq7?N,Z"u#]dKImMrufC&ReaqpQ^e
'G#0X(oK(iYZ#!(+bMt"8g"eM/BtkW*O7E;0%-f7M<q3G7&imC%=&g:d
?--r`OMr%$Wo11.SAR>qWB=cgCkh6kOA(rsc=<-BR^u;YMX)@,h%Gofd'YBbkoJF&
EJdHAXu59[B71LEe`u/J9I=uKb3TdTrgWTfik>*DlXK_I[su@(iNMq]C/Q;iN39PO
H"bTjVJ=l#lM$,eY$45ZEQel\jE8%O$gj;";LRr0b1@FM1uQpgqUa9uf#A#VhZ3`P-^Pt~> endstream endobj 6 0 obj <> endobj 7 0 obj
2022-08-19T11:02:42-04:00 2022-08-19T11:02:43-04:00 2022-08-19T11:02:43-04:00 Adobe InDesign 17.3 (Macintosh)
uuid:b400266f-6b8a-2248-85c9-b01414249e5f xmp.did:92db5277-9d80-48df-91f5-64b1a9203f29
xmp.id:a80223ca-4f15-432a-9e97-7a8021f09e60 proof:pdf xmp.iid:1c92f6eb-a35d-435f-8d2d-5ff82bd7fb31
xmp.did:7ee4489f-139e-43e6-9af7-00ab9453615e xmp.did:92db5277-9d80-48df-91f5-64b1a9203f29 default converted from
application/x-indesign to application/pdf Adobe InDesign 17.3 (Macintosh) / 2022-08-19T11:02:42-04:00 True
commonapp.org Adobe PDF Library 16.0.7 False endstream endobj 8 0 obj <> endobj xref 0 68 0000000000 65535 f 0000062371
00000 n 0000062883 00000 n 0000062929 00000 n 0000062971 00000 n 0000064555 00000 n 0000065491 00000 n 0000065543 00000
n 0000068772 00000 n 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
trailer <<5A1A87788180436693564F7C918AF89D>]>> startxref 116 %%EOF
Title: 
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/static/d6951d72fc0af154c41cfeb6832de95b/Pathfinder-Find-Your-College-Fit.pdf 
00000 n 0000010701 00000 n 0000010815 00000 n 0000010852 00000 n 0000010898 00000 n 0000012196 00000 n 0000013275 00000
n 0000014514 00000 n 0000015659 00000 n 0000016897 00000 n 0000018013 00000 n 0000018230 00000 n 0000018472 00000 n
0000018821 00000 n 0000019093 00000 n 0000019359 00000 n 0000019675 00000 n 0000020625 00000 n 0000022058 00000 n
0000025771 00000 n 0000029138 00000 n 0000031787 00000 n 0000031842 00000 n 0000031965 00000 n 0000043545 00000 n
0000043584 00000 n 0000043659 00000 n 0000095651 00000 n 0000095690 00000 n 0000141841 00000 n 0000158004 00000 n
0000160052 00000 n 0000225780 00000 n 0000005046 00000 n 0000001056 00000 n trailer <]/Prev 2078766/XRefStm 5046>>
499 0 R/Type/Catalog/ViewerPreferences<>>> endobj 962 0 obj
<>/ExtGState<>/Font<>/ProcSet[/PDF/Text/ImageC/ImageI]/Properties<>/XObject<>>>/Rotate 0/StructParents 0/Tabs/S/Thumb
481 0 R/TrimBox[0.0 0.0 1080.0 648.0]/Type/Page/PieceInfo</LastModified/NumberOfPageItemsInPage 44/NumberofPages
1/OriginalDocumentID/PageItemUIDToLocationDataMap<>/PageTransformationMatrixList<>/PageUIDList<>/PageWidthList<>>>>>>>
endobj 963 0 obj <> endobj 964 0 obj <> endobj 965 0 obj [/ICCBased 983 0 R] endobj 966 0 obj [/Indexed 965 0 R 1 984 0
application/postscript ReachHigher_CMYK_Primary_black theedge 2014-06-16T16:11:05-04:00 2014-06-16T16:11:05-04:00
2014-06-16T16:11:05-04:00 Adobe Illustrator CS5.1 xmp.iid:2539E2631E2068118C14D18AE7A519C3
xmp.did:2539E2631E2068118C14D18AE7A519C3 uuid:5D20892493BFDB11914A8590D31508C8 proof:pdf
xmp.iid:2439E2631E2068118C14D18AE7A519C3 xmp.did:2439E2631E2068118C14D18AE7A519C3 uuid:5D20892493BFDB11914A8590D31508C8
proof:pdf saved xmp.iid:F87F117407206811808382AFE4313DF3 2014-06-16T12:23:40-04:00 Adobe Illustrator CS5.1 / saved
xmp.iid:DEDE7BDF092068118C14D18AE7A519C3 2014-06-16T13:49:42-04:00 Adobe Illustrator CS5.1 / saved
xmp.iid:DFDE7BDF092068118C14D18AE7A519C3 2014-06-16T13:50:03-04:00 Adobe Illustrator CS5.1 / saved
xmp.iid:4AF909C20C2068118C14D18AE7A519C3 2014-06-16T14:04:42-04:00 Adobe Illustrator CS5.1 / saved
xmp.iid:4BF909C20C2068118C14D18AE7A519C3 2014-06-16T14:06:33-04:00 Adobe Illustrator CS5.1 / saved
xmp.iid:50F909C20C2068118C14D18AE7A519C3 2014-06-16T14:23:04-04:00 Adobe Illustrator CS5.1 / saved
xmp.iid:60EF35111B2068118C14D18AE7A519C3 2014-06-16T16:00:05-04:00 Adobe Illustrator CS5.1 / saved
xmp.iid:62EF35111B2068118C14D18AE7A519C3 2014-06-16T16:00:26-04:00 Adobe Illustrator CS5.1 / saved
xmp.iid:66EF35111B2068118C14D18AE7A519C3 2014-06-16T16:05:45-04:00 Adobe Illustrator CS5.1 / saved
xmp.iid:385F6FB61D2068118C14D18AE7A519C3 2014-06-16T16:06:03-04:00 Adobe Illustrator CS5.1 / saved
xmp.iid:3D5F6FB61D2068118C14D18AE7A519C3 2014-06-16T16:08:33-04:00 Adobe Illustrator CS5.1 / saved
xmp.iid:405F6FB61D2068118C14D18AE7A519C3 2014-06-16T16:09:07-04:00 Adobe Illustrator CS5.1 / saved
xmp.iid:425F6FB61D2068118C14D18AE7A519C3 2014-06-16T16:10:29-04:00 Adobe Illustrator CS5.1 / saved
xmp.iid:2439E2631E2068118C14D18AE7A519C3 2014-06-16T16:10:54-04:00 Adobe Illustrator CS5.1 / saved
xmp.iid:2539E2631E2068118C14D18AE7A519C3 2014-06-16T16:11:05-04:00 Adobe Illustrator CS5.1 / Print False False 1
9.000000 5.750000 Inches Default Swatch Group 0 White CMYK PROCESS 0.000000 0.000000 0.000000 0.000000 Black CMYK
PROCESS 69.531296 67.187500 63.671898 73.828102 PANTONE Black C SPOT 100.000000 CMYK 0.000000 13.000000 49.000000
98.000000 Adobe PDF library 9.90 endstream endobj 987 0 obj <> endobj 988 0 obj <> endobj 989 0 obj <>stream
application/pdf 1fd0695f-1b3c-4a43-b8db-2456babc153d 2023-02-05T22:09:55-05:00 2023-02-05T22:09:55-05:00
2023-02-05T22:09:55-05:00 Adobe Illustrator 27.2 (Macintosh) uuid:8a74456f-c0f5-8544-bfbe-20409f46c053
xmp.did:09a6dae5-d973-4c6c-9883-0fe9bfce3a2a uuid:5D20892493BFDB11914A8590D31508C8 proof:pdf
uuid:438b6f55-fe96-6c40-b296-7ce5e1128ed9 xmp.did:0edbdb96-3a32-494f-a726-05e3a1c03ef7
uuid:5D20892493BFDB11914A8590D31508C8 proof:pdf converted from application/pdf to <unknown> saved
xmp.iid:D27F11740720681191099C3B601C4548 2008-04-17T14:19:15+05:30 Adobe Illustrator CS4 / converted from
application/pdf to <unknown> converted from application/pdf to <unknown> saved xmp.iid:F97F1174072068118D4ED246B3ADB1C6
2008-05-15T16:23:06-07:00 Adobe Illustrator CS4 / saved xmp.iid:FA7F1174072068118D4ED246B3ADB1C6
2008-05-15T17:10:45-07:00 Adobe Illustrator CS4 / saved xmp.iid:EF7F117407206811A46CA4519D24356B
2008-05-15T22:53:33-07:00 Adobe Illustrator CS4 / saved xmp.iid:F07F117407206811A46CA4519D24356B
2008-05-15T23:07:07-07:00 Adobe Illustrator CS4 / saved xmp.iid:F77F117407206811BDDDFD38D0CF24DD
2008-05-16T10:35:43-07:00 Adobe Illustrator CS4 / converted from application/pdf to <unknown> saved
xmp.iid:F97F117407206811BDDDFD38D0CF24DD 2008-05-16T10:40:59-07:00 Adobe Illustrator CS4 / converted from
application/vnd.adobe.illustrator to <unknown> saved xmp.iid:FA7F117407206811BDDDFD38D0CF24DD 2008-05-16T11:26:55-07:00
Adobe Illustrator CS4 / saved xmp.iid:FB7F117407206811BDDDFD38D0CF24DD 2008-05-16T11:29:01-07:00 Adobe Illustrator CS4
/ saved xmp.iid:FC7F117407206811BDDDFD38D0CF24DD 2008-05-16T11:29:20-07:00 Adobe Illustrator CS4 / saved
xmp.iid:FD7F117407206811BDDDFD38D0CF24DD 2008-05-16T11:30:54-07:00 Adobe Illustrator CS4 / saved
xmp.iid:FE7F117407206811BDDDFD38D0CF24DD 2008-05-16T11:31:22-07:00 Adobe Illustrator CS4 / saved
xmp.iid:B233668C16206811BDDDFD38D0CF24DD 2008-05-16T12:23:46-07:00 Adobe Illustrator CS4 / saved
xmp.iid:B333668C16206811BDDDFD38D0CF24DD 2008-05-16T13:27:54-07:00 Adobe Illustrator CS4 / saved
xmp.iid:B433668C16206811BDDDFD38D0CF24DD 2008-05-16T13:46:13-07:00 Adobe Illustrator CS4 / saved
xmp.iid:F77F11740720681197C1BF14D1759E83 2008-05-16T15:47:57-07:00 Adobe Illustrator CS4 / saved
xmp.iid:F87F11740720681197C1BF14D1759E83 2008-05-16T15:51:06-07:00 Adobe Illustrator CS4 / saved
xmp.iid:F97F11740720681197C1BF14D1759E83 2008-05-16T15:52:22-07:00 Adobe Illustrator CS4 / converted from
application/vnd.adobe.illustrator to application/vnd.adobe.illustrator saved xmp.iid:FA7F117407206811B628E3BF27C8C41B
2008-05-22T13:28:01-07:00 Adobe Illustrator CS4 / converted from application/vnd.adobe.illustrator to
application/vnd.adobe.illustrator saved xmp.iid:FF7F117407206811B628E3BF27C8C41B 2008-05-22T16:23:53-07:00 Adobe
Illustrator CS4 / converted from application/vnd.adobe.illustrator to application/vnd.adobe.illustrator saved
xmp.iid:07C3BD25102DDD1181B594070CEB88D9 2008-05-28T16:45:26-07:00 Adobe Illustrator CS4 / converted from
application/vnd.adobe.illustrator to application/vnd.adobe.illustrator saved xmp.iid:F87F1174072068119098B097FDA39BEF
2008-06-02T13:25:25-07:00 Adobe Illustrator CS4 / saved xmp.iid:F77F117407206811BB1DBF8F242B6F84
2008-06-09T14:58:36-07:00 Adobe Illustrator CS4 / saved xmp.iid:F97F117407206811ACAFB8DA80854E76
2008-06-11T14:31:27-07:00 Adobe Illustrator CS4 / saved xmp.iid:0180117407206811834383CD3A8D2303
2008-06-11T22:37:35-07:00 Adobe Illustrator CS4 / saved xmp.iid:F77F117407206811818C85DF6A1A75C3
2008-06-27T14:40:42-07:00 Adobe Illustrator CS4 / saved xmp.iid:0580117407206811910989C2A6325BB5
2009-11-26T17:25:36+05:30 Adobe Illustrator CS5 / saved xmp.iid:09a6dae5-d973-4c6c-9883-0fe9bfce3a2a
2020-05-23T18:59:04+05:30 Adobe Illustrator 24.2 (Macintosh) / Document Print Adobe Illustrator False False 1
612.000000 792.000000 Points Default Swatch Group 0 White CMYK PROCESS 0.000000 0.000000 0.000000 0.000000 Black CMYK
PROCESS 0.000000 0.000000 0.000000 100.000000 CMYK Red CMYK PROCESS 0.000000 100.000000 100.000000 0.000000 CMYK Yellow
CMYK PROCESS 0.000000 0.000000 100.000000 0.000000 CMYK Green CMYK PROCESS 100.000000 0.000000 100.000000 0.000000 CMYK
Cyan CMYK PROCESS 100.000000 0.000000 0.000000 0.000000 CMYK Blue CMYK PROCESS 100.000000 100.000000 0.000000 0.000000
CMYK Magenta CMYK PROCESS 0.000000 100.000000 0.000000 0.000000 C=15 M=100 Y=90 K=10 CMYK PROCESS 15.000000 100.000000
90.000000 10.000000 C=0 M=90 Y=85 K=0 CMYK PROCESS 0.000000 90.000000 85.000000 0.000000 C=0 M=80 Y=95 K=0 CMYK PROCESS
0.000000 80.000000 95.000000 0.000000 C=0 M=50 Y=100 K=0 CMYK PROCESS 0.000000 50.000000 100.000000 0.000000 C=0 M=35
Y=85 K=0 CMYK PROCESS 0.000000 35.000000 85.000000 0.000000 C=5 M=0 Y=90 K=0 CMYK PROCESS 5.000000 0.000000 90.000000
0.000000 C=20 M=0 Y=100 K=0 CMYK PROCESS 20.000000 0.000000 100.000000 0.000000 C=50 M=0 Y=100 K=0 CMYK PROCESS
50.000000 0.000000 100.000000 0.000000 C=75 M=0 Y=100 K=0 CMYK PROCESS 75.000000 0.000000 100.000000 0.000000 C=85 M=10
Y=100 K=10 CMYK PROCESS 85.000000 10.000000 100.000000 10.000000 C=90 M=30 Y=95 K=30 CMYK PROCESS 90.000000 30.000000
95.000000 30.000000 C=75 M=0 Y=75 K=0 CMYK PROCESS 75.000000 0.000000 75.000000 0.000000 C=80 M=10 Y=45 K=0 CMYK
PROCESS 80.000000 10.000000 45.000000 0.000000 C=70 M=15 Y=0 K=0 CMYK PROCESS 70.000000 15.000000 0.000000 0.000000
C=85 M=50 Y=0 K=0 CMYK PROCESS 85.000000 50.000000 0.000000 0.000000 C=100 M=95 Y=5 K=0 CMYK PROCESS 100.000000
95.000000 5.000000 0.000000 C=100 M=100 Y=25 K=25 CMYK PROCESS 100.000000 100.000000 25.000000 25.000000 C=75 M=100 Y=0
K=0 CMYK PROCESS 75.000000 100.000000 0.000000 0.000000 C=50 M=100 Y=0 K=0 CMYK PROCESS 50.000000 100.000000 0.000000
0.000000 C=35 M=100 Y=35 K=10 CMYK PROCESS 35.000000 100.000000 35.000000 10.000000 C=10 M=100 Y=50 K=0 CMYK PROCESS
10.000000 100.000000 50.000000 0.000000 C=0 M=95 Y=20 K=0 CMYK PROCESS 0.000000 95.000000 20.000000 0.000000 C=25 M=25
Y=40 K=0 CMYK PROCESS 25.000000 25.000000 40.000000 0.000000 C=40 M=45 Y=50 K=5 CMYK PROCESS 40.000000 45.000000
50.000000 5.000000 C=50 M=50 Y=60 K=25 CMYK PROCESS 50.000000 50.000000 60.000000 25.000000 C=55 M=60 Y=65 K=40 CMYK
PROCESS 55.000000 60.000000 65.000000 40.000000 C=25 M=40 Y=65 K=0 CMYK PROCESS 25.000000 40.000000 65.000000 0.000000
C=30 M=50 Y=75 K=10 CMYK PROCESS 30.000000 50.000000 75.000000 10.000000 C=35 M=60 Y=80 K=25 CMYK PROCESS 35.000000
60.000000 80.000000 25.000000 C=40 M=65 Y=90 K=35 CMYK PROCESS 40.000000 65.000000 90.000000 35.000000 C=40 M=70 Y=100
K=50 CMYK PROCESS 40.000000 70.000000 100.000000 50.000000 C=50 M=70 Y=80 K=70 CMYK PROCESS 50.000000 70.000000
80.000000 70.000000 Grays 1 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=100 CMYK PROCESS 0.000000 0.000000 0.000000 100.000000 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=90 CMYK
PROCESS 0.000000 0.000000 0.000000 89.999400 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=80 CMYK PROCESS 0.000000 0.000000 0.000000 79.998800 C=0 M=0
Y=0 K=70 CMYK PROCESS 0.000000 0.000000 0.000000 69.999700 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=60 CMYK PROCESS 0.000000 0.000000 0.000000
59.999100 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=50 CMYK PROCESS 0.000000 0.000000 0.000000 50.000000 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=40 CMYK PROCESS 0.000000
0.000000 0.000000 39.999400 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=30 CMYK PROCESS 0.000000 0.000000 0.000000 29.998800 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=20 CMYK
PROCESS 0.000000 0.000000 0.000000 19.999700 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=10 CMYK PROCESS 0.000000 0.000000 0.000000 9.999100 C=0 M=0
Y=0 K=5 CMYK PROCESS 0.000000 0.000000 0.000000 4.998800 Brights 1 C=0 M=100 Y=100 K=0 CMYK PROCESS 0.000000 100.000000
100.000000 0.000000 C=0 M=75 Y=100 K=0 CMYK PROCESS 0.000000 75.000000 100.000000 0.000000 C=0 M=10 Y=95 K=0 CMYK
PROCESS 0.000000 10.000000 95.000000 0.000000 C=85 M=10 Y=100 K=0 CMYK PROCESS 85.000000 10.000000 100.000000 0.000000
C=100 M=90 Y=0 K=0 CMYK PROCESS 100.000000 90.000000 0.000000 0.000000 C=60 M=90 Y=0 K=0 CMYK PROCESS 60.000000
90.000000 0.003100 0.003100 Adobe PDF library 17.00 endstream endobj 990 0 obj <> endobj 991 0 obj
<>stream
0/StructParents 1/Tabs/S/Thumb 482 0 R/TrimBox[0.0 0.0 1080.0
648.0]/Type/Page/PieceInfo</LastModified/NumberOfPageItemsInPage 6/NumberofPages
1/OriginalDocumentID/PageItemUIDToLocationDataMap<>/PageTransformationMatrixList<>/PageUIDList<>/PageWidthList<>>>>>>>
_
965 0 R/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 6 0 obj <</ArtBox[0.0 0.0 1080.0 648.0]/BleedBox[0.0 0.0 1080.0
648.0]/Contents 7 0 R/CropBox[0.0 0.0 1080.0 648.0]/Group 22 0 R/MediaBox[0.0 0.0 1080.0 648.0]/Parent 495 0
R/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 964 0 R/GS1 963 0 R>>/Font<</C2_0 441 0 R/C2_1 395 0 R/TT0 393
0 R/TT1 973 0 R/TT2 974 0 R/TT3 449 0 R>>/ProcSet[/PDF/Text]/Shading<</Sh0 9 0 R/Sh1 11 0 R/Sh2 13 0 R/Sh3 15 0 R/Sh4
17 0 R/Sh5 19 0 R>>/XObject<</Fm0 20 0 R/Fm1 21 0 R>>>>/Rotate 0/StructParents 2/Tabs/S/Thumb 483 0 R/TrimBox[0.0 0.0
1080.0
648.0]/Type/Page/PieceInfo<</InDesign<</DocumentID<FEFF0078006D0070002E006400690064003A006600350037003400360038003900620
02D0066003200320035002D0034003400360062002D0039003900370062002D006400380066003700340030003400640063006500370037>/LastMod
ified<FEFF0044003A00320030003200340030003700310032003100350030003100330038005A>/NumberOfPageItemsInPage
88/NumberofPages
1/OriginalDocumentID<FEFF0078006D0070002E006400690064003A00660035003700340036003800390062002D0066003200320035002D0034003
400360062002D0039003900370062002D006400380066003700340030003400640063006500370037>/PageItemUIDToLocationDataMap<</0[691.
0 58.0 3.0 498.24 271.8 540.0 309.96 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 519.12 290.88]/1[1696.0 0.0 2.0 -343.0 -323.52 343.0 -174.52 1.0
0.0 0.0 1.0 271.0 -227.52]/10[1786.0 83.0 4.0 253.446 -71.2494 344.654 -44.6466 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -545.849
1509.9]/11[1788.0 63.0 0.0 51.5435 -115.107 119.099 -78.5432 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -545.849 1509.9]/12[1789.0 87.0 4.0
51.5435 -115.107 119.099 -78.5432 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -545.849 1509.9]/13[1791.0 88.0 4.0 51.5435 -115.107 119.099 -78.5432
1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -545.849 1509.9]/14[1793.0 89.0 4.0 51.5435 -115.107 119.099 -78.5432 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -545.849
1509.9]/15[1795.0 64.0 0.0 -183.944 -103.706 -111.863 -64.2661 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -545.849 1509.9]/16[1796.0 93.0 4.0
-183.944 -103.706 -111.863 -64.2661 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -545.849 1509.9]/17[1798.0 94.0 4.0 -183.944 -103.706 -111.863
-64.2661 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -545.849 1509.9]/18[1800.0 95.0 4.0 -183.944 -103.706 -111.863 -64.2661 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0
-545.849 1509.9]/19[1802.0 65.0 0.0 -381.521 -70.4443 -303.816 -43.306 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -545.849 1509.9]/2[1771.0 61.0
0.0 -540.849 -149.257 535.0 -33.1464 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -545.849 1509.9]/20[1803.0 99.0 4.0 -381.521 -70.4443 -303.816
-43.306 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -545.849 1509.9]/21[1806.0 100.0 4.0 -381.521 -70.4443 -303.816 -43.306 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0
-545.849 1509.9]/22[1808.0 101.0 4.0 -381.521 -70.4443 -303.816 -43.306 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -545.849 1509.9]/23[1810.0 66.0
4.0 -482.06 -149.03 -387.046 -54.0165 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -545.849 1509.9]/24[1811.0 67.0 4.0 -482.831 -149.801 -386.275
-53.2455 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -545.849 1509.9]/25[1812.0 68.0 4.0 -294.351 -87.2313 -198.958 8.16223 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0
-545.849 1509.9]/26[1813.0 69.0 2.0 -295.126 -88.0056 -198.184 8.93665 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -545.849 1509.9]/27[1814.0 70.0
4.0 -73.8239 -165.231 20.8094 -70.5985 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -545.849 1509.9]/28[1815.0 71.0 4.0 -74.592 -166.0 21.5775
-69.8303 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -545.849 1509.9]/29[1816.0 72.0 4.0 148.261 -86.8446 243.654 8.54797 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -545.849
1509.9]/3[1772.0 77.0 0.0 -540.349 -166.582 534.651 8.41809 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -545.849 1509.9]/30[1817.0 73.0 4.0 147.487
-87.6194 244.429 9.32288 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -545.849 1509.9]/31[1818.0 74.0 4.0 366.553 -149.76 461.992 -54.3202 1.0 0.0
0.0 1.0 -545.849 1509.9]/32[1819.0 75.0 4.0 365.778 -150.534 462.766 -53.5455 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -545.849
1509.9]/33[1968.0 2.0 2.0 -508.314 -41.7785 -365.814 8.48941 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -471.814 -31.2785]/34[1980.0 5.0 2.0
-290.0 14.7039 -203.0 58.6347 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -253.5 25.2039]/35[2003.0 8.0 2.0 -69.1273 -65.1693 16.0 -30.8307 1.0 0.0
0.0 1.0 -32.6273 -54.6693]/36[2027.0 11.0 2.0 142.127 14.7039 249.0 41.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 178.627 25.2039]/37[2051.0
14.0 2.0 343.0 -46.0 486.0 -23.2693 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 409.0 -35.6693]/38[2106.0 3.0 2.0 -477.238 1.48096 -349.0 283.365
1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -394.738 123.678]/39[2112.0 6.0 2.0 -276.899 58.6053 -141.823 303.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -194.399
180.803]/4[1773.0 112.0 4.0 -540.349 -149.582 534.651 -32.5819 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -545.849 1509.9]/40[2137.0 9.0 2.0
-55.0506 -21.6445 91.9494 222.75 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 27.4494 100.553]/41[2161.0 12.0 2.0 156.0 58.0 339.0 302.395 1.0 0.0
0.0 1.0 238.5 180.197]/42[2186.0 15.0 2.0 381.339 -0.297363 547.339 244.097 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 463.839 121.9]/43[4866.0
1.0 2.0 -460.0 -135.942 -411.302 -59.1816 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -435.651 -97.5616]/44[4871.0 4.0 2.0 -272.0 -76.76 -223.302
0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -247.651 -38.38]/45[4894.0 7.0 2.0 -51.3257 -154.52 -2.62732 -77.76 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -26.9765
-116.14]/46[4920.0 10.0 2.0 170.349 -76.76 219.047 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 194.698 -38.38]/47[4943.0 13.0 2.0 390.023
-138.0 438.721 -61.24 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 414.372 -99.62]/48[4996.0 102.0 4.0 -295.126 -88.0056 -198.184 8.93665 1.0 0.0
0.0 1.0 -295.126 -88.0056]/49[4997.0 115.0 4.0 -295.126 -88.0056 -198.184 8.93665 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -295.126
-88.0056]/5[1775.0 113.0 4.0 -540.349 -149.582 534.651 -32.5819 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -545.849 1509.9]/50[5818.0 46.0 4.0
-491.976 -7.29736 -488.5 228.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -997.908 -518.678]/51[5825.0 47.0 4.0 -493.667 209.323 -486.99 216.0 1.0
0.0 0.0 1.0 -999.101 -321.834]/52[5826.0 39.0 4.0 -291.399 49.9977 -287.923 193.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -1010.74
-494.576]/53[5833.0 32.0 4.0 -69.5266 -31.1676 -66.0506 149.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -999.697 -600.144]/54[5839.0 25.0 4.0
144.397 48.438 147.873 228.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -1000.51 -465.73]/55[5873.0 17.0 4.0 368.601 -9.65314 372.077 198.0 1.0
0.0 0.0 1.0 -989.506 -558.1]/56[5884.0 56.0 4.0 -540.0 -22.6906 540.0 -22.6906 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 -22.6906]/57[5885.0
57.0 4.0 -540.0 -0.803497 540.0 -0.803497 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 -0.803497]/58[7072.0 54.0 4.0 -540.0 186.0 540.0 186.0
1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 186.0]/59[7073.0 55.0 4.0 -540.0 199.0 540.0 199.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 199.0]/6[1777.0 114.0 4.0
-540.349 -149.582 534.651 -32.5819 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -545.849 1509.9]/60[7680.0 59.0 4.0 -540.849 -166.0 535.0 9.32288
1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -540.849 9.32288]/61[7761.0 48.0 4.0 -493.667 164.161 -486.99 170.839 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -999.101
-366.996]/62[7768.0 49.0 4.0 -493.667 119.0 -486.99 125.677 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -999.101 -412.157]/63[7769.0 50.0 4.0
-493.667 91.0 -486.99 97.6774 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -999.101 -440.157]/64[7770.0 51.0 4.0 -493.667 62.0 -486.99 68.6774 1.0
0.0 0.0 1.0 -999.101 -469.157]/65[7771.0 52.0 4.0 -493.667 34.6693 -486.99 41.3467 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -999.101
-496.488]/66[7772.0 53.0 4.0 -493.667 7.1507 -486.99 13.8281 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -999.101 -524.006]/67[7774.0 40.0 4.0
-293.0 175.0 -286.323 181.677 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -798.434 -356.157]/68[7775.0 41.0 4.0 -293.0 148.0 -286.323 154.677 1.0
0.0 0.0 1.0 -798.434 -383.157]/69[7776.0 42.0 4.0 -293.0 120.0 -286.323 126.677 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -798.434
-411.157]/7[1779.0 62.0 0.0 253.446 -71.2494 344.654 -44.6466 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -545.849 1509.9]/70[7777.0 43.0 4.0
-293.0 93.0 -286.323 99.6774 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -798.434 -438.157]/71[7778.0 44.0 4.0 -293.0 63.0 -286.323 69.6774 1.0 0.0
0.0 1.0 -798.434 -468.157]/72[7781.0 33.0 4.0 -71.1273 129.364 -64.4498 136.042 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -576.562
-401.793]/73[7782.0 34.0 4.0 -71.1273 84.6821 -64.4498 91.3595 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -576.562 -446.475]/74[7783.0 35.0 4.0
-71.1273 58.0775 -64.4498 64.7549 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -576.562 -473.079]/75[7784.0 36.0 4.0 -71.1273 27.8519 -64.4498
34.5294 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -576.562 -503.305]/76[7785.0 37.0 4.0 -71.1273 -17.2697 -64.4498 -10.5922 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0
-576.562 -548.427]/77[7786.0 26.0 4.0 142.796 208.75 149.473 215.427 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -362.638 -322.407]/78[7787.0 27.0
4.0 142.796 182.661 149.473 189.339 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -362.638 -348.496]/79[7788.0 28.0 4.0 142.796 136.042 149.473
142.719 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -362.638 -395.115]/8[1780.0 81.0 4.0 253.446 -71.2494 344.654 -44.6466 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -545.849
1509.9]/80[7789.0 29.0 4.0 142.796 108.0 149.473 114.677 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -362.638 -423.157]/81[7790.0 30.0 4.0 142.796
63.6613 149.473 70.3387 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -362.638 -467.496]/82[7792.0 18.0 4.0 367.0 179.323 373.677 186.0 1.0 0.0 0.0
1.0 -138.434 -351.834]/83[7794.0 19.0 4.0 367.0 134.323 373.677 141.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -138.434 -396.834]/84[7795.0 20.0
4.0 367.0 88.5737 373.677 95.2512 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -138.434 -442.583]/85[7796.0 21.0 4.0 367.0 60.3226 373.677 67.0 1.0
0.0 0.0 1.0 -138.434 -470.834]/86[7797.0 22.0 4.0 367.0 32.3226 373.677 39.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -138.434
-498.834]/87[7798.0 23.0 4.0 367.0 4.32256 373.677 11.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -138.434 -526.834]/9[1783.0 82.0 4.0 253.446
-71.2494 344.654 -44.6466 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -545.849 1509.9]>>/PageTransformationMatrixList<</0[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -540.0
-324.0]>>/PageUIDList<</0 243>>/PageWidthList<</0 1080.0>>>>>>>> endobj 7 0 obj <</Filter/FlateDecode/Length
obj <</BitsPerSample 8/Decode[0.0 1.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 1.0]/Domain[0.0 1.0]/Encode[0.0 63.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/FunctionType
endstream endobj 9 0 obj <</AntiAlias false/ColorSpace 965 0 R/Coords[0.0 0.0 0.307267 0.0]/Domain[0.0 1.0]/Extend[true
false]/Function 8 0 R/ShadingType 2>> endobj 10 0 obj <</BitsPerSample 8/Decode[0.0 1.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 1.0]/Domain[0.0
1.0]/Encode[0.0 63.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/FunctionType 0/Length 165/Order 1/Range[0.0 1.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
false/ColorSpace 965 0 R/Coords[0.307267 0.0 0.605543 0.0]/Domain[0.0 1.0]/Extend[false false]/Function 10 0
R/ShadingType 2>> endobj 12 0 obj <</BitsPerSample 8/Decode[0.0 1.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 1.0]/Domain[0.0 1.0]/Encode[0.0
63.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/FunctionType 0/Length 191/Order 1/Range[0.0 1.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 1.0]/Size[64]>>stream
false/ColorSpace 965 0 R/Coords[0.605543 0.0 1.0 0.0]/Domain[0.0 1.0]/Extend[false true]/Function 12 0 R/ShadingType
2>> endobj 14 0 obj <</BitsPerSample 8/Decode[0.0 1.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 1.0]/Domain[0.0 1.0]/Encode[0.0
false/ColorSpace 965 0 R/Coords[0.0 0.0 0.307267 0.0]/Domain[0.0 1.0]/Extend[true false]/Function 14 0 R/ShadingType
2>> endobj 16 0 obj <</BitsPerSample 8/Decode[0.0 1.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 1.0]/Domain[0.0 1.0]/Encode[0.0
false/ColorSpace 965 0 R/Coords[0.307267 0.0 0.605543 0.0]/Domain[0.0 1.0]/Extend[false false]/Function 16 0
R/ShadingType 2>> endobj 18 0 obj <</BitsPerSample 8/Decode[0.0 1.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 1.0]/Domain[0.0 1.0]/Encode[0.0
63.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/FunctionType 0/Length 112/Order 1/Range[0.0 1.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 1.0]/Size[64]>>stream
endobj 19 0 obj <</AntiAlias false/ColorSpace 965 0 R/Coords[0.605543 0.0 1.0 0.0]/Domain[0.0 1.0]/Extend[false
true]/Function 18 0 R/ShadingType 2>> endobj 20 0 obj <</BBox[0.0 648.0 1080.0 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length
156/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 392 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 964 0
endstream endobj 21 0 obj <</BBox[0.0 648.0 1080.0 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 64/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 964 0 R>>>>/Subtype/Form>>stream
R/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 23 0 obj <</Annots 24 0 R/ArtBox[0.0 0.0 1080.0 648.0]/BleedBox[0.0 0.0 1080.0
648.0]/Contents 25 0 R/CropBox[0.0 0.0 1080.0 648.0]/Group 29 0 R/MediaBox[0.0 0.0 1080.0 648.0]/Parent 495 0
R/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R/CS1 459 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 964 0 R/GS1 963 0 R>>/Font<</C2_0 395 0 R/TT0 393
0 R/TT1 453 0 R/TT2 449 0 R>>/Pattern<</P0 26 0 R>>/ProcSet[/PDF/Text/ImageC]/XObject<</Fm0 388 0 R/Fm1 380 0 R/Fm2 228
0 R/Im0 28 0 R>>>>/Rotate 0/StructParents 3/Tabs/S/Thumb 484 0 R/TrimBox[0.0 0.0 1080.0
648.0]/Type/Page/PieceInfo<</InDesign<</DocumentID<FEFF0078006D0070002E006400690064003A006600350037003400360038003900620
02D0066003200320035002D0034003400360062002D0039003900370062002D006400380066003700340030003400640063006500370037>/LastMod
ified<FEFF0044003A00320030003200340030003700310032003100350030003100330038005A>/NumberOfPageItemsInPage
10/NumberofPages
1/OriginalDocumentID<FEFF0078006D0070002E006400690064003A00660035003700340036003800390062002D0066003200320035002D0034003
400360062002D0039003900370062002D006400380066003700340030003400640063006500370037>/PageItemUIDToLocationDataMap<</0[653.
0 4.0 3.0 496.0 278.0 537.76 316.16 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 516.88 297.08]/1[2239.0 0.0 2.0 -504.0 -305.767 32.0 -229.767 1.0
0.0 0.0 1.0 -236.0 -267.767]/2[2283.0 1.0 2.0 -504.0 -196.0 -22.5 -97.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -255.0 18.0]/3[2313.0 2.0 2.0
-504.0 -112.0 -22.5 267.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -255.0 102.0]/4[2467.0 3.0 2.0 60.5 211.0 467.5 229.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 311.5
224.5]/5[3605.0 7.0 4.0 -504.0 -112.0 -500.0 180.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -16.0 -2462.25]/6[5795.0 8.0 0.0 18.8389 -210.5
543.0 249.821 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 280.919 19.6605]/7[6054.0 6.0 4.0 18.8389 -210.5 543.0 249.821 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 18.8389
249.821]/8[6489.0 5.0 4.0 -504.0 -112.0 -500.0 180.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -504.0 180.0]/9[7851.0 10.0 4.0 49.9039 -208.983
507.0 194.5 0.872055 0.0 0.0 0.876526 49.9039 -208.983]>>/PageTransformationMatrixList<</0[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -540.0
-324.0]>>/PageUIDList<</0 244>>/PageWidthList<</0 1080.0>>>>>>>> endobj 24 0 obj [958 0 R] endobj 25 0 obj
<</Matrix[0.0000000000000178798 292.0 292.0 -0.0000000000000178798 36.0 144.0]/PatternType 2/Shading 457 0
R/Type/Pattern>> endobj 27 0 obj <</BitsPerComponent 8/ColorSpace/DeviceGray/Filter/DCTDecode/Height
807/Intent/RelativeColorimetric/Length 16309/Name/X/Subtype/Image/Type/XObject/Width 915>>stream
endstream endobj 28 0 obj <</BitsPerComponent 8/ColorSpace 965 0 R/Filter/DCTDecode/Height
807/Intent/RelativeColorimetric/Length 213794/Name/X/SMask 27 0 R/Subtype/Image/Type/XObject/Width 915>>stream
<</CS 965 0 R/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 30 0 obj <</Annots 31 0 R/ArtBox[0.0 0.0 1080.0 648.0]/BleedBox[0.0
0.0 1080.0 648.0]/Contents 32 0 R/CropBox[0.0 0.0 1080.0 648.0]/Group 37 0 R/MediaBox[0.0 0.0 1080.0 648.0]/Parent 495
0 R/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R/CS1 459 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 964 0 R/GS1 963 0 R>>/Font<</C2_0 395 0 R/C2_1
462 0 R/TT0 393 0 R/TT1 453 0 R/TT2 466 0 R/TT3 449 0 R>>/Pattern<</P0 33 0 R/P1 34 0
R>>/ProcSet[/PDF/Text/ImageC]/XObject<</Fm0 388 0 R/Fm1 380 0 R/Fm2 228 0 R/Im0 36 0 R/Im1 472 0 R>>>>/Rotate
0/StructParents 5/Tabs/S/Thumb 485 0 R/TrimBox[0.0 0.0 1080.0
648.0]/Type/Page/PieceInfo<</InDesign<</DocumentID<FEFF0078006D0070002E006400690064003A006600350037003400360038003900620
02D0066003200320035002D0034003400360062002D0039003900370062002D006400380066003700340030003400640063006500370037>/LastMod
ified<FEFF0044003A00320030003200340030003700310032003100350030003100330038005A>/NumberOfPageItemsInPage
38/NumberofPages
1/OriginalDocumentID<FEFF0078006D0070002E006400690064003A00660035003700340036003800390062002D0066003200320035002D0034003
400360062002D0039003900370062002D006400380066003700340030003400640063006500370037>/PageItemUIDToLocationDataMap<</0[653.
0 14.0 3.0 496.0 278.0 537.76 316.16 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 516.88 297.08]/1[2484.0 1.0 2.0 -504.0 -196.0 -22.5 85.0 1.0 0.0
0.0 1.0 -255.0 42.0]/10[5743.0 7.0 4.0 263.25 -324.0 263.25 324.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 263.25 0.0]/11[5817.0 22.0 0.0
-446.37 71.6396 -80.1296 267.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -263.25 169.32]/12[5942.0 11.0 4.0 -540.0 54.2918 540.0 54.2918 1.0 0.0
0.0 1.0 0.0 54.2918]/13[6055.0 18.0 4.0 -446.37 71.6396 -80.1296 267.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -446.37 267.0]/14[6087.0 32.0
4.0 50.2392 -122.456 81.0553 -91.3998 0.199997 0.0 0.0 0.199997 50.2392 -122.456]/15[6091.0 29.0 0.0 42.5 -125.544
79.2392 -84.4559 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 119.54 -47.9039]/16[6127.0 12.0 4.0 60.3696 -324.0 60.3696 324.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0
60.3696 0.0]/17[6132.0 13.0 4.0 60.3696 -324.0 60.3696 324.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 60.3696 0.0]/18[6150.0 8.0 4.0 464.0
-396.0 464.0 396.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 464.0 0.0]/19[6259.0 9.0 4.0 -540.0 16.9503 540.0 16.9503 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
16.9503]/2[2561.0 0.0 2.0 -504.0 -305.0 202.0 -229.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -236.0 -267.0]/20[6260.0 10.0 4.0 -540.0 29.9503
540.0 29.9503 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 29.9503]/21[6490.0 17.0 4.0 -490.154 -196.0 -486.154 60.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -490.154
60.0]/22[6492.0 15.0 4.0 36.5 -195.5 40.5 -127.5 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 36.5 -127.5]/23[6515.0 20.0 2.0 62.1848 -107.0 465.815
12.5999 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 248.685 -57.5141]/24[6516.0 23.0 4.0 73.1848 -96.0 454.815 1.59985 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 73.1848
-96.0]/25[6517.0 28.0 4.0 73.1848 -96.0 454.815 1.59985 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 73.1848 -96.0]/26[6534.0 24.0 4.0 42.5 -125.544
79.2392 -84.4559 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 42.5 -84.4559]/27[6935.0 33.0 4.0 38.3696 34.5434 38.412 34.656 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0
-1031.68 710.776]/28[6936.0 34.0 4.0 43.092 11.0934 43.1001 11.1212 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -1031.68 710.776]/29[6937.0 35.0
4.0 39.8094 30.5446 39.8313 30.57 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -1031.68 710.776]/3[2602.0 2.0 2.0 22.5 -197.0 504.0 -52.0 1.0 0.0
0.0 1.0 255.0 41.0]/30[6939.0 36.0 4.0 36.5 7.4794 50.4407 39.2161 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -1031.68 710.776]/31[6940.0 37.0 4.0
45.897 15.1214 45.9717 15.1682 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -1031.68 710.776]/32[6941.0 38.0 4.0 44.0364 8.36929 44.0513 8.38394 1.0
0.0 0.0 1.0 -1031.68 710.776]/33[6942.0 39.0 4.0 48.4891 13.4303 48.5034 13.4496 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -1031.68
710.776]/34[6943.0 40.0 4.0 39.8948 5.69983 51.7745 18.5379 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -1031.68 710.776]/35[6999.0 16.0 4.0
62.1848 -107.0 465.815 12.5999 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 62.1848 12.5999]/36[7062.0 25.0 4.0 36.5 5.69983 51.7745 39.2161 1.0 0.0
0.0 1.0 36.5 39.2161]/37[7858.0 27.0 4.0 -431.435 79.3527 -95.0648 252.353 0.918442 0.0 0.0 0.885544 -431.435
79.3527]/4[2783.0 4.0 4.0 62.0 -324.0 62.0 324.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 62.0 0.0]/5[3608.0 21.0 4.0 -490.154 -196.0 -486.154
60.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -2.15424 -2557.25]/6[3609.0 19.0 4.0 36.5 -195.5 40.5 -127.5 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 524.5
-2545.75]/7[4462.0 3.0 2.0 22.5 29.9503 504.0 215.684 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 255.0 105.192]/8[5728.0 5.0 4.0 36.5 -324.0 36.5
324.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 36.5 0.0]/9[5730.0 6.0 4.0 22.5 -324.0 22.5 324.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 22.5
0.0]>>/PageTransformationMatrixList<</0[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -540.0 -324.0]>>/PageUIDList<</0 245>>/PageWidthList<</0
1080.0>>>>>>>> endobj 31 0 obj [955 0 R] endobj 32 0 obj <</Filter/FlateDecode/Length 7159>>stream
<</Matrix[0.0000000000000156755 256.0 256.0 -0.0000000000000156755 49.8458 264.0]/PatternType 2/Shading 457 0
R/Type/Pattern>> endobj 34 0 obj <</Matrix[0.0000000000000041638 68.0 68.0 -0.0000000000000041638 576.5
451.5]/PatternType 2/Shading 457 0 R/Type/Pattern>> endobj 35 0 obj <</BitsPerComponent
8/ColorSpace/DeviceGray/Filter/DCTDecode/Height 346/Intent/RelativeColorimetric/Length
18204/Name/X/Subtype/Image/Type/XObject/Width 673>>stream
<</BitsPerComponent 8/ColorSpace 965 0 R/Filter/DCTDecode/Height 346/Intent/RelativeColorimetric/Length
40923/Name/X/SMask 35 0 R/Subtype/Image/Type/XObject/Width 673>>stream
0 obj <</CS 965 0 R/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 38 0 obj <</ArtBox[0.0 0.0 1080.0 648.0]/BleedBox[0.0 0.0 1080.0
648.0]/Contents 39 0 R/CropBox[0.0 0.0 1080.0 648.0]/Group 40 0 R/MediaBox[0.0 0.0 1080.0 648.0]/Parent 496 0
R/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 964 0 R/GS1 963 0 R>>/Font<</C2_0 441 0 R/C2_1 462 0 R/C2_2
395 0 R/TT0 393 0 R/TT1 449 0 R/TT2 466 0 R/TT3 453 0 R>>/ProcSet[/PDF/Text/ImageC]/XObject<</Fm0 388 0 R/Fm1 380 0
R/Fm2 228 0 R/Im0 472 0 R>>>>/Rotate 0/StructParents 7/Tabs/S/Thumb 486 0 R/TrimBox[0.0 0.0 1080.0
648.0]/Type/Page/PieceInfo<</InDesign<</DocumentID<FEFF0078006D0070002E006400690064003A006600350037003400360038003900620
02D0066003200320035002D0034003400360062002D0039003900370062002D006400380066003700340030003400640063006500370037>/LastMod
ified<FEFF0044003A00320030003200340030003700310032003100350030003100330038005A>/NumberOfPageItemsInPage
14/NumberofPages
1/OriginalDocumentID<FEFF0078006D0070002E006400690064003A00660035003700340036003800390062002D0066003200320035002D0034003
400360062002D0039003900370062002D006400380066003700340030003400640063006500370037>/PageItemUIDToLocationDataMap<</0[653.
0 6.0 3.0 496.0 278.0 537.76 316.16 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 516.88 297.08]/1[2727.0 0.0 2.0 -504.0 -305.5 202.0 -229.5 1.0 0.0
0.0 1.0 -236.0 -267.5]/10[6565.0 14.0 4.0 49.7392 -207.467 80.5553 -176.411 0.199997 0.0 0.0 0.199997 49.7392
-207.467]/11[6979.0 4.0 4.0 -540.0 -47.8407 540.0 -47.8407 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 -47.8407]/12[6980.0 5.0 4.0 -540.0
-25.8407 540.0 -25.8407 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 -25.8407]/13[7000.0 7.0 4.0 61.3696 -192.185 465.0 -38.5853 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0
61.3696 -38.5853]/2[2769.0 1.0 2.0 -504.0 -196.0 -22.5 -161.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -255.0 18.0]/3[2860.0 3.0 2.0 22.5 -22.0
504.0 229.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 255.0 192.0]/4[5032.0 2.0 2.0 -504.0 -151.0 -22.5 245.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -258.0
47.0]/5[6535.0 8.0 2.0 61.3696 -192.185 465.0 -38.5853 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 247.87 -142.699]/6[6538.0 9.0 4.0 72.3696
-181.185 454.0 -49.5853 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 72.3696 -181.185]/7[6556.0 11.0 4.0 72.3696 -181.185 454.0 -49.5853 1.0 0.0 0.0
1.0 72.3696 -181.185]/8[6563.0 10.0 4.0 42.0 -210.555 78.7392 -169.467 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 42.0 -169.467]/9[6564.0 12.0 0.0
42.0 -210.555 78.7392 -169.467 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 119.04 -132.915]>>/PageTransformationMatrixList<</0[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0
-540.0 -324.0]>>/PageUIDList<</0 246>>/PageWidthList<</0 1080.0>>>>>>>> endobj 39 0 obj <</Filter/FlateDecode/Length
endstream endobj 40 0 obj <</CS 965 0 R/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 41 0 obj <</ArtBox[0.0 0.0 1080.0
648.0]/BleedBox[0.0 0.0 1080.0 648.0]/Contents 42 0 R/CropBox[0.0 0.0 1080.0 648.0]/Group 45 0 R/MediaBox[0.0 0.0
1080.0 648.0]/Parent 496 0 R/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 964 0 R/GS1 963 0 R>>/Font<</C2_0
395 0 R/TT0 393 0 R/TT1 466 0 R/TT2 449 0 R/TT3 453 0 R>>/ProcSet[/PDF/Text/ImageC]/XObject<</Fm0 388 0 R/Fm1 380 0
R/Fm2 228 0 R/Im0 472 0 R/Im1 472 0 R/Im2 44 0 R>>>>/Rotate 0/StructParents 8/Tabs/S/Thumb 487 0 R/TrimBox[0.0 0.0
1080.0
648.0]/Type/Page/PieceInfo<</InDesign<</DocumentID<FEFF0078006D0070002E006400690064003A006600350037003400360038003900620
02D0066003200320035002D0034003400360062002D0039003900370062002D006400380066003700340030003400640063006500370037>/LastMod
ified<FEFF0044003A00320030003200340030003700310032003100350030003100330038005A>/NumberOfPageItemsInPage
24/NumberofPages
1/OriginalDocumentID<FEFF0078006D0070002E006400690064003A00660035003700340036003800390062002D0066003200320035002D0034003
400360062002D0039003900370062002D006400380066003700340030003400640063006500370037>/PageItemUIDToLocationDataMap<</0[653.
0 6.0 3.0 496.0 278.0 537.76 316.16 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 516.88 297.08]/1[2865.0 0.0 2.0 -504.0 -305.767 202.0 -229.767 1.0
0.0 0.0 1.0 -236.0 -267.767]/10[6653.0 11.0 4.0 -454.0 74.0 -72.3696 171.6 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -454.0 74.0]/11[6671.0 16.0
4.0 -454.0 74.0 -72.3696 171.6 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -454.0 74.0]/12[6678.0 13.0 4.0 23.25 -215.0 489.25 208.767 1.0 0.0 0.0
1.0 23.25 208.767]/13[6679.0 18.0 0.0 23.25 -215.0 489.25 208.767 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 361.011 36.5136]/14[6683.0 17.0 0.0
-485.628 44.3446 -448.888 85.4328 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -408.588 121.985]/15[6684.0 22.0 4.0 -477.888 47.4328 -447.072
78.4888 0.199997 0.0 0.0 0.199997 -477.888 47.4328]/16[6697.0 12.0 4.0 -485.628 44.3446 -448.888 85.4328 1.0 0.0 0.0
1.0 -485.628 85.4328]/17[6985.0 4.0 4.0 -540.0 35.2427 540.0 35.2427 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 35.2427]/18[6986.0 5.0 4.0
-540.0 61.8968 540.0 61.8968 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 61.8968]/19[6987.0 2.0 4.0 -540.0 -123.333 540.0 -123.333 1.0 0.0 0.0
1.0 0.0 -123.333]/2[5966.0 1.0 2.0 -504.0 -74.4034 -22.5 64.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -270.5 -16.9034]/20[6988.0 3.0 4.0 -540.0
-96.6791 540.0 -96.6791 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 -96.6791]/21[7003.0 7.0 4.0 -465.0 63.0 -61.3696 182.6 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0
-465.0 182.6]/22[7058.0 8.0 4.0 -464.74 -197.0 -61.1098 -94.4001 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -464.74 -94.4001]/23[7804.0 24.0 4.0
23.25 -215.0 489.25 208.767 0.744217 0.0 0.0 0.757812 23.25 -215.0]/3[6599.0 10.0 2.0 -464.74 -197.0 -61.1098 -94.4001
1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -278.24 -147.514]/4[6602.0 14.0 4.0 -453.74 -186.0 -72.1098 -105.4 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -453.74
-186.0]/5[6620.0 19.0 4.0 -453.74 -186.0 -72.1098 -105.4 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -453.74 -186.0]/6[6632.0 15.0 4.0 -484.739
-216.544 -448.0 -175.456 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -484.739 -175.456]/7[6633.0 20.0 0.0 -484.739 -216.544 -448.0 -175.456 1.0 0.0
0.0 1.0 -407.699 -138.904]/8[6634.0 26.0 4.0 -477.0 -213.456 -446.184 -182.4 0.199997 0.0 0.0 0.199997 -477.0
-213.456]/9[6650.0 9.0 2.0 -465.0 63.0 -61.3696 182.6 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -278.5
112.486]>>/PageTransformationMatrixList<</0[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -540.0 -324.0]>>/PageUIDList<</0 247>>/PageWidthList<</0
<</BitsPerComponent 8/ColorSpace/DeviceGray/Filter/DCTDecode/Height 848/Intent/RelativeColorimetric/Length
22169/Name/X/Subtype/Image/Type/XObject/Width 933>>stream
<</BitsPerComponent 8/ColorSpace 965 0 R/Filter/DCTDecode/Height 848/Intent/RelativeColorimetric/Length
255447/Name/X/SMask 43 0 R/Subtype/Image/Type/XObject/Width 933>>stream
1080.0 648.0]/BleedBox[0.0 0.0 1080.0 648.0]/Contents 47 0 R/CropBox[0.0 0.0 1080.0 648.0]/Group 48 0 R/MediaBox[0.0
0.0 1080.0 648.0]/Parent 496 0 R/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 964 0 R/GS1 963 0
R>>/Font<</C2_0 441 0 R/C2_1 395 0 R/TT0 393 0 R/TT1 453 0 R/TT2 466 0 R/TT3 449 0
R>>/ProcSet[/PDF/Text/ImageC]/XObject<</Fm0 388 0 R/Fm1 380 0 R/Fm2 228 0 R/Im0 472 0 R/Im1 472 0 R>>>>/Rotate
0/StructParents 9/Tabs/S/Thumb 488 0 R/TrimBox[0.0 0.0 1080.0
648.0]/Type/Page/PieceInfo<</InDesign<</DocumentID<FEFF0078006D0070002E006400690064003A006600350037003400360038003900620
02D0066003200320035002D0034003400360062002D0039003900370062002D006400380066003700340030003400640063006500370037>/LastMod
ified<FEFF0044003A00320030003200340030003700310032003100350030003100330039005A>/NumberOfPageItemsInPage
39/NumberofPages
1/OriginalDocumentID<FEFF0078006D0070002E006400690064003A00660035003700340036003800390062002D0066003200320035002D0034003
400360062002D0039003900370062002D006400380066003700340030003400640063006500370037>/PageItemUIDToLocationDataMap<</0[653.
0 24.0 3.0 496.0 278.0 537.76 316.16 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 516.88 297.08]/1[2937.0 1.0 2.0 -504.0 -196.0 -12.0 -158.0 1.0 0.0
0.0 1.0 -255.0 18.0]/10[5996.0 12.0 4.0 -540.0 -150.606 540.0 -150.606 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 -150.606]/11[5997.0 13.0 4.0
-540.0 190.294 540.0 190.294 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 190.294]/12[5998.0 14.0 4.0 -540.0 214.294 540.0 214.294 1.0 0.0 0.0
1.0 0.0 214.294]/13[5999.0 15.0 4.0 -540.0 190.294 540.0 190.294 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 190.294]/14[6000.0 16.0 4.0 -540.0
214.294 540.0 214.294 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 214.294]/15[6112.0 36.0 0.0 -485.739 -101.544 -449.0 -60.4559 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0
-408.699 -23.9039]/16[6113.0 40.0 4.0 -478.0 -98.4559 -447.184 -67.3998 0.199997 0.0 0.0 0.199997 -478.0
-98.4559]/17[6134.0 6.0 4.0 60.3696 -324.0 60.3696 324.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 60.3696 0.0]/18[6145.0 9.0 4.0 -473.0 -324.0
-473.0 324.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -473.0 0.0]/19[6158.0 7.0 4.0 464.0 -324.0 464.0 324.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 464.0 0.0]/2[2971.0
5.0 4.0 -448.0 -324.0 -448.0 324.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -448.0 0.0]/20[6179.0 17.0 4.0 -69.3696 -324.0 -69.3696 324.0 1.0
0.0 0.0 1.0 -69.3696 0.0]/21[6730.0 28.0 2.0 -466.0 -83.0 -62.3696 53.5999 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -279.5 -33.5141]/22[6733.0
31.0 4.0 -455.0 -72.0 -73.3696 42.5999 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -455.0 -72.0]/23[6751.0 35.0 4.0 -455.0 -72.0 -73.3696 42.5999
1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -455.0 -72.0]/24[6770.0 32.0 4.0 -485.739 -101.544 -449.0 -60.4559 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -485.739
-60.4559]/25[6771.0 27.0 2.0 60.3696 -28.22 464.0 125.38 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 246.87 21.2659]/26[6775.0 29.0 4.0 71.3696
-17.22 453.0 114.38 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 71.3696 -17.22]/27[6793.0 33.0 4.0 71.3696 -17.22 453.0 114.38 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0
71.3696 -17.22]/28[6804.0 30.0 4.0 41.0 -47.7641 77.7392 -6.67587 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 41.0 -6.67587]/29[6805.0 34.0 0.0
41.0 -47.7641 77.7392 -6.67587 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 118.04 29.8761]/3[2994.0 4.0 2.0 22.5 -196.0 504.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0
255.0 18.0]/30[6806.0 38.0 4.0 48.7392 -44.6759 79.5553 -13.6198 0.199997 0.0 0.0 0.199997 48.7392 -44.6759]/31[6961.0
22.0 4.0 -540.0 53.6943 540.0 53.6943 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 53.6943]/32[6962.0 23.0 4.0 -540.0 75.6943 540.0 75.6943 1.0
0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 75.6943]/33[6964.0 18.0 4.0 -540.0 -103.654 540.0 -103.654 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 -103.654]/34[6965.0 19.0
4.0 -540.0 -77.0 540.0 -77.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 -77.0]/35[6982.0 20.0 4.0 -540.0 -46.758 540.0 -46.758 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0
0.0 -46.758]/36[6983.0 21.0 4.0 -540.0 -20.1039 540.0 -20.1039 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 -20.1039]/37[7004.0 26.0 4.0 -466.0
-83.0 -62.3696 53.5999 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -466.0 53.5999]/38[7005.0 25.0 4.0 60.3696 -28.22 464.0 125.38 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0
60.3696 125.38]/4[3092.0 0.0 2.0 -504.0 -305.0 202.0 -229.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -236.0 -267.0]/5[4800.0 3.0 2.0 -504.0 73.0
-22.5 266.095 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -258.0 146.5]/6[5055.0 2.0 2.0 -504.0 -151.0 -22.5 -87.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -258.0
-112.905]/7[5773.0 10.0 4.0 -264.0 -396.0 -264.0 396.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -264.0 0.0]/8[5777.0 8.0 4.0 -464.52 -324.0
-464.52 324.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -464.52 0.0]/9[5995.0 11.0 4.0 -540.0 -174.606 540.0 -174.606 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
-174.606]>>/PageTransformationMatrixList<</0[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -540.0 -324.0]>>/PageUIDList<</0 248>>/PageWidthList<</0
R/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 49 0 obj <</ArtBox[0.0 0.0 1080.0 648.0]/BleedBox[0.0 0.0 1080.0 648.0]/Contents
50 0 R/CropBox[0.0 0.0 1080.0 648.0]/Group 51 0 R/MediaBox[0.0 0.0 1080.0 648.0]/Parent 496 0
R/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 964 0 R/GS1 963 0 R>>/Font<</C2_0 395 0 R/TT0 393 0 R/TT1 453
0 R/TT2 449 0 R/TT3 466 0 R>>/ProcSet[/PDF/Text/ImageC]/XObject<</Fm0 388 0 R/Fm1 380 0 R/Fm2 228 0 R/Im0 472 0
R>>>>/Rotate 0/StructParents 10/Tabs/S/Thumb 489 0 R/TrimBox[0.0 0.0 1080.0
648.0]/Type/Page/PieceInfo<</InDesign<</DocumentID<FEFF0078006D0070002E006400690064003A006600350037003400360038003900620
02D0066003200320035002D0034003400360062002D0039003900370062002D006400380066003700340030003400640063006500370037>/LastMod
ified<FEFF0044003A00320030003200340030003700310032003100350030003100330039005A>/NumberOfPageItemsInPage
18/NumberofPages
1/OriginalDocumentID<FEFF0078006D0070002E006400690064003A00660035003700340036003800390062002D0066003200320035002D0034003
400360062002D0039003900370062002D006400380066003700340030003400640063006500370037>/PageItemUIDToLocationDataMap<</0[653.
0 10.0 3.0 496.0 278.0 537.76 316.16 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 516.88 297.08]/1[3031.0 1.0 2.0 -504.0 -196.0 -12.0 -161.0 1.0 0.0
0.0 1.0 -255.0 18.0]/10[6841.0 18.0 4.0 41.5544 -208.912 72.3705 -177.856 0.199997 0.0 0.0 0.199997 41.5544
-208.912]/11[6955.0 4.0 4.0 -540.0 -2.0 540.0 -2.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 -2.0]/12[6956.0 5.0 4.0 -540.0 20.0 540.0 20.0
1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 20.0]/13[6957.0 6.0 4.0 -540.0 -2.0 540.0 -2.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 -2.0]/14[6958.0 7.0 4.0 -540.0
20.0 540.0 20.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 20.0]/15[6959.0 8.0 4.0 -540.0 -64.9016 540.0 -64.9016 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
-64.9016]/16[6960.0 9.0 4.0 -540.0 -42.9016 540.0 -42.9016 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 -42.9016]/17[7006.0 11.0 4.0 53.1848
-192.892 456.815 -56.2918 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 53.1848 -56.2918]/2[3068.0 3.0 2.0 22.5 -34.0 504.0 394.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0
261.0 180.0]/3[3116.0 0.0 2.0 -504.0 -305.767 202.0 -229.767 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -236.0 -267.767]/4[5078.0 2.0 2.0 -504.0
-151.0 -22.5 242.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -258.0 45.5]/5[6808.0 12.0 2.0 53.1848 -192.892 456.815 -56.2918 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0
239.685 -143.406]/6[6811.0 13.0 4.0 64.1848 -181.892 445.815 -67.2918 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 64.1848 -181.892]/7[6829.0 15.0
4.0 64.1848 -181.892 445.815 -67.2918 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 64.1848 -181.892]/8[6839.0 14.0 4.0 33.8152 -212.0 70.5544
-170.912 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 33.8152 -170.912]/9[6840.0 16.0 0.0 33.8152 -212.0 70.5544 -170.912 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 110.855
-134.36]>>/PageTransformationMatrixList<</0[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -540.0 -324.0]>>/PageUIDList<</0 249>>/PageWidthList<</0
<</ArtBox[0.0 0.0 1080.0 648.0]/BleedBox[0.0 0.0 1080.0 648.0]/Contents 53 0 R/CropBox[0.0 0.0 1080.0 648.0]/Group 56 0
R/MediaBox[0.0 0.0 1080.0 648.0]/Parent 496 0 R/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 964 0 R/GS1 963
0 R>>/Font<</C2_0 441 0 R/C2_1 395 0 R/TT0 393 0 R/TT1 453 0 R/TT2 449 0 R/TT3 466 0
R>>/ProcSet[/PDF/Text/ImageC]/XObject<</Fm0 388 0 R/Fm1 380 0 R/Fm2 228 0 R/Im0 472 0 R/Im1 55 0 R>>>>/Rotate
0/StructParents 11/Tabs/S/Thumb 490 0 R/TrimBox[0.0 0.0 1080.0
648.0]/Type/Page/PieceInfo<</InDesign<</DocumentID<FEFF0078006D0070002E006400690064003A006600350037003400360038003900620
02D0066003200320035002D0034003400360062002D0039003900370062002D006400380066003700340030003400640063006500370037>/LastMod
ified<FEFF0044003A00320030003200340030003700310032003100350030003100330039005A>/NumberOfPageItemsInPage
16/NumberofPages
1/OriginalDocumentID<FEFF0078006D0070002E006400690064003A00660035003700340036003800390062002D0066003200320035002D0034003
400360062002D0039003900370062002D006400380066003700340030003400640063006500370037>/PageItemUIDToLocationDataMap<</0[653.
0 5.0 3.0 496.0 278.0 537.76 316.16 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 516.88 297.08]/1[3141.0 1.0 2.0 -504.0 -197.0 -12.0 -160.0 1.0 0.0
0.0 1.0 -255.0 17.0]/10[6876.0 15.0 4.0 -476.63 18.31 -445.814 49.3661 0.199997 0.0 0.0 0.199997 -476.63
18.31]/11[6910.0 10.0 4.0 -8.0 -202.0 519.88 298.08 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -8.0 298.08]/12[6997.0 3.0 4.0 -540.0 12.3465 540.0
12.3465 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 12.3465]/13[6998.0 4.0 4.0 -540.0 39.0006 540.0 39.0006 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
39.0006]/14[7007.0 6.0 4.0 -465.0 33.3688 -61.3696 152.969 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -465.0 152.969]/15[7815.0 17.0 4.0 -0.548447
-216.5 508.0 244.372 0.712006 0.0 0.0 0.712006 -0.548447 -216.5]/2[3179.0 0.0 2.0 -504.0 -304.767 202.0 -228.767 1.0
0.0 0.0 1.0 -236.0 -266.767]/3[5105.0 2.0 2.0 -504.0 -153.0 -22.5 23.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -258.0 -47.0]/4[5904.0 13.0 0.0
-8.0 -202.0 519.88 298.08 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 349.121 140.466]/5[6843.0 7.0 2.0 -465.0 33.3688 -61.3696 152.969 1.0 0.0 0.0
1.0 -278.5 82.8547]/6[6846.0 8.0 4.0 -454.0 44.3688 -72.3696 141.969 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -454.0 44.3688]/7[6864.0 11.0 4.0
-454.0 44.3688 -72.3696 141.969 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -454.0 44.3688]/8[6874.0 9.0 4.0 -484.37 15.2218 -447.63 56.31 1.0 0.0
0.0 1.0 -484.37 56.31]/9[6875.0 12.0 0.0 -484.37 15.2218 -447.63 56.31 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -407.329
92.862]>>/PageTransformationMatrixList<</0[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -540.0 -324.0]>>/PageUIDList<</0 250>>/PageWidthList<</0
1080.0>>>>>>>> endobj 53 0 obj <</Filter/FlateDecode/Length 1630>>stream
<</BitsPerComponent 8/ColorSpace/DeviceGray/Filter/DCTDecode/Height 895/Intent/RelativeColorimetric/Length
55 0 obj <</BitsPerComponent 8/ColorSpace 965 0 R/Filter/DCTDecode/Height 895/Intent/RelativeColorimetric/Length
277592/Name/X/SMask 54 0 R/Subtype/Image/Type/XObject/Width 1018>>stream
obj <</Annots 58 0 R/ArtBox[0.0 0.0 1080.0 648.0]/BleedBox[0.0 0.0 1080.0 648.0]/Contents 59 0 R/CropBox[0.0 0.0 1080.0
648.0]/Group 62 0 R/MediaBox[0.0 0.0 1080.0 648.0]/Parent 496 0 R/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 964 0 R/GS1 963 0 R>>/Font<</C2_0 462 0 R/C2_1 395 0 R/TT0 393 0 R/TT1 449 0 R/TT2 453 0 R/TT3 466
0 R>>/ProcSet[/PDF/Text/ImageC]/XObject<</Fm0 388 0 R/Fm1 380 0 R/Fm2 228 0 R/Im0 472 0 R/Im1 61 0 R>>>>/Rotate
0/StructParents 12/Tabs/S/Thumb 491 0 R/TrimBox[0.0 0.0 1080.0
648.0]/Type/Page/PieceInfo<</InDesign<</DocumentID<FEFF0078006D0070002E006400690064003A006600350037003400360038003900620
02D0066003200320035002D0034003400360062002D0039003900370062002D006400380066003700340030003400640063006500370037>/LastMod
ified<FEFF0044003A00320030003200340030003700310032003100350030003100330039005A>/NumberOfPageItemsInPage
28/NumberofPages
1/OriginalDocumentID<FEFF0078006D0070002E006400690064003A00660035003700340036003800390062002D0066003200320035002D0034003
400360062002D0039003900370062002D006400380066003700340030003400640063006500370037>/PageItemUIDToLocationDataMap<</0[653.
0 17.0 3.0 496.0 278.0 537.76 316.16 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 516.88 297.08]/1[3202.0 0.0 2.0 -504.0 -305.767 202.0 -229.767 1.0
0.0 0.0 1.0 -236.0 -267.767]/10[6417.0 8.0 4.0 -540.0 -198.895 540.0 -198.895 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 -198.895]/11[6418.0
9.0 4.0 -540.0 -185.895 540.0 -185.895 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 -185.895]/12[6419.0 10.0 4.0 -540.0 -198.895 540.0 -198.895
1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 -198.895]/13[6420.0 11.0 4.0 -540.0 -185.895 540.0 -185.895 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 -185.895]/14[6421.0
12.0 4.0 -540.0 -198.895 540.0 -198.895 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 -198.895]/15[6422.0 13.0 4.0 -540.0 -185.895 540.0 -185.895
1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 -185.895]/16[6423.0 14.0 4.0 -540.0 -198.895 540.0 -198.895 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 -198.895]/17[6424.0
15.0 4.0 -540.0 -185.895 540.0 -185.895 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 -185.895]/18[6878.0 19.0 2.0 53.3696 -189.0 457.0 -86.4001
1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 239.87 -139.514]/19[6881.0 20.0 4.0 64.3696 -178.0 446.0 -97.4001 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 64.3696
-178.0]/2[5760.0 16.0 4.0 64.0 -324.0 64.0 324.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 64.0 0.0]/20[6899.0 23.0 4.0 64.3696 -178.0 446.0
-97.4001 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 64.3696 -178.0]/21[6913.0 22.0 4.0 -13.0 -170.241 479.481 301.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -13.0
301.0]/22[6914.0 25.0 0.0 -13.0 -170.241 479.481 301.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 242.16 83.0803]/23[6917.0 21.0 4.0 33.0 -208.544
69.7392 -167.456 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 33.0 -167.456]/24[6918.0 24.0 0.0 33.0 -208.544 69.7392 -167.456 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0
110.04 -130.904]/25[6919.0 27.0 4.0 40.7392 -205.456 71.5553 -174.4 0.199997 0.0 0.0 0.199997 40.7392
-205.456]/26[7008.0 18.0 4.0 53.3696 -189.0 457.0 -86.4001 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 53.3696 -88.4001]/27[7810.0 29.0 4.0 -13.0
-170.241 479.481 301.0 1.5 0.0 0.0 1.5 -13.0 -170.241]/3[5924.0 1.0 2.0 -504.0 -196.0 -22.5 232.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0
-263.25 18.0]/4[6135.0 2.0 4.0 60.3696 -324.0 60.3696 324.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 60.3696 0.0]/5[6165.0 3.0 4.0 464.0 -324.0
464.0 324.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 464.0 0.0]/6[6413.0 4.0 4.0 -540.0 -198.895 540.0 -198.895 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
-198.895]/7[6414.0 5.0 4.0 -540.0 -185.895 540.0 -185.895 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 -185.895]/8[6415.0 6.0 4.0 -540.0
-198.895 540.0 -198.895 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 -198.895]/9[6416.0 7.0 4.0 -540.0 -185.895 540.0 -185.895 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0
0.0 -185.895]>>/PageTransformationMatrixList<</0[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -540.0 -324.0]>>/PageUIDList<</0
251>>/PageWidthList<</0 1080.0>>>>>>>> endobj 58 0 obj [952 0 R] endobj 59 0 obj <</Filter/FlateDecode/Length
8/ColorSpace/DeviceGray/Filter/DCTDecode/Height 943/Intent/RelativeColorimetric/Length
obj <</BitsPerComponent 8/ColorSpace 965 0 R/Filter/DCTDecode/Height 943/Intent/RelativeColorimetric/Length
101844/Name/X/SMask 60 0 R/Subtype/Image/Type/XObject/Width 985>>stream
648.0]/BleedBox[0.0 0.0 1080.0 648.0]/Contents 64 0 R/CropBox[0.0 0.0 1080.0 648.0]/Group 65 0 R/MediaBox[0.0 0.0
1080.0 648.0]/Parent 496 0 R/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 964 0 R/GS1 963 0 R>>/Font<</C2_0
441 0 R/C2_1 395 0 R/TT0 393 0 R/TT1 453 0 R/TT2 449 0 R>>/ProcSet[/PDF/Text]/XObject<</Fm0 388 0 R/Fm1 380 0 R/Fm2 228
0 R>>>>/Rotate 0/StructParents 14/Tabs/S/Thumb 492 0 R/TrimBox[0.0 0.0 1080.0
648.0]/Type/Page/PieceInfo<</InDesign<</DocumentID<FEFF0078006D0070002E006400690064003A006600350037003400360038003900620
02D0066003200320035002D0034003400360062002D0039003900370062002D006400380066003700340030003400640063006500370037>/LastMod
ified<FEFF0044003A00320030003200340030003700310032003100350030003100330039005A>/NumberOfPageItemsInPage 7/NumberofPages
1/OriginalDocumentID<FEFF0078006D0070002E006400690064003A00660035003700340036003800390062002D0066003200320035002D0034003
400360062002D0039003900370062002D006400380066003700340030003400640063006500370037>/PageItemUIDToLocationDataMap<</0[653.
0 6.0 3.0 496.0 278.0 537.76 316.16 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 516.88 297.08]/1[3323.0 0.0 2.0 -504.0 -306.0 202.0 -230.0 1.0 0.0
0.0 1.0 -236.0 -268.0]/2[3346.0 1.0 2.0 -504.0 -196.0 -12.0 -166.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -255.0 18.0]/3[3390.0 3.0 2.0 22.5
-196.0 504.0 232.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 261.0 18.0]/4[5939.0 4.0 4.0 -540.0 -77.0 540.0 -77.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
-77.0]/5[5940.0 5.0 4.0 -540.0 -53.0 540.0 -53.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 -53.0]/6[6029.0 2.0 2.0 -504.0 -150.0 -22.5 278.0
1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -265.5 64.0]>>/PageTransformationMatrixList<</0[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -540.0 -324.0]>>/PageUIDList<</0
252>>/PageWidthList<</0 1080.0>>>>>>>> endobj 64 0 obj <</Filter/FlateDecode/Length 2846>>stream
65 0 obj <</CS 965 0 R/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 66 0 obj <</Annots 67 0 R/ArtBox[0.0 0.0 1080.0
648.0]/BleedBox[0.0 0.0 1080.0 648.0]/Contents 68 0 R/CropBox[0.0 0.0 1080.0 648.0]/Group 82 0 R/MediaBox[0.0 0.0
1080.0 648.0]/Parent 496 0 R/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R/CS1 474 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 964 0 R/GS1 963 0
R>>/Font<</C2_0 441 0 R/C2_1 395 0 R/TT0 393 0 R/TT1 449 0 R>>/ProcSet[/PDF/Text/ImageC/ImageI]/Properties<</MC0 71 0
R>>/XObject<</Fm0 388 0 R/Fm1 380 0 R/Fm2 228 0 R/Im0 73 0 R/Im1 75 0 R/Im2 77 0 R/Im3 79 0 R/Im4 81 0 R>>>>/Rotate
0/StructParents 15/Tabs/S/Thumb 493 0 R/TrimBox[0.0 0.0 1080.0
648.0]/Type/Page/PieceInfo<</InDesign<</DocumentID<FEFF0078006D0070002E006400690064003A006600350037003400360038003900620
02D0066003200320035002D0034003400360062002D0039003900370062002D006400380066003700340030003400640063006500370037>/LastMod
ified<FEFF0044003A00320030003200340030003700310032003100350030003100330039005A>/NumberOfPageItemsInPage
26/NumberofPages
1/OriginalDocumentID<FEFF0078006D0070002E006400690064003A00660035003700340036003800390062002D0066003200320035002D0034003
400360062002D0039003900370062002D006400380066003700340030003400640063006500370037>/PageItemUIDToLocationDataMap<</0[653.
0 13.0 3.0 496.0 278.0 537.76 316.16 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 516.88 297.08]/1[3396.0 0.0 2.0 -504.0 -304.0 202.0 -228.0 1.0 0.0
0.0 1.0 -236.0 -266.0]/10[6071.0 27.0 4.0 -508.029 47.0072 -460.928 100.527 0.25 0.0 0.0 0.25 -508.029
47.0072]/11[6075.0 20.0 0.0 -508.029 47.0072 -460.928 100.527 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -484.478 73.7672]/12[6077.0 23.0 4.0
-510.628 -4.44058 -463.528 49.1395 0.25 0.0 0.0 0.25 -510.628 -4.44058]/13[6081.0 18.0 0.0 -537.992 -18.5116 -459.628
59.9884 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -443.792 88.6487]/14[6458.0 3.0 0.0 -516.029 103.098 -282.194 252.492 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -363.267
186.795]/15[6465.0 11.0 4.0 -540.0 228.0 540.0 228.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 228.0]/16[6466.0 12.0 4.0 -540.0 202.0 540.0
202.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 202.0]/17[7059.0 17.0 4.0 -512.0 -69.5201 -459.0 -16.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -512.0
-16.0]/18[7707.0 6.0 4.0 -247.08 166.103 -92.0 228.0 0.532867 0.0 0.0 0.541306 -247.08 166.103]/19[7711.0 5.0 0.0
-247.08 166.103 -92.0 228.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -216.544 216.427]/2[3421.0 2.0 2.0 -504.0 -56.0 64.0 206.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0
-262.0 164.5]/20[7714.0 15.0 4.0 46.8907 -166.387 528.391 261.613 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 46.8907 261.613]/21[7715.0 19.0 0.0
46.8907 -166.387 528.391 261.613 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 292.891 29.1129]/22[7716.0 25.0 4.0 74.0403 -275.781 562.151 289.653
1.14258 0.0 0.0 1.0872 74.0403 -275.781]/23[7720.0 14.0 4.0 -537.992 -18.5116 -459.628 59.9884 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -537.992
59.9884]/24[7721.0 16.0 4.0 -508.029 47.0072 -460.928 100.527 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -508.029 100.527]/25[7830.0 4.0 4.0
-516.029 103.098 -282.194 252.492 0.360855 0.0 0.0 0.360855 -516.029 103.098]/3[3965.0 1.0 2.0 -504.0 -196.0 22.5 -87.5
1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -169.32 -162.96]/4[6013.0 7.0 4.0 -540.0 -174.606 540.0 -174.606 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 -174.606]/5[6014.0
8.0 4.0 -540.0 -150.606 540.0 -150.606 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 -150.606]/6[6015.0 9.0 4.0 -540.0 -116.071 540.0 -116.071
1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 -116.071]/7[6016.0 10.0 4.0 -540.0 -92.071 540.0 -92.071 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 -92.071]/8[6065.0 29.0
4.0 -512.0 -69.5201 -455.552 -5.22398 0.300003 0.0 0.0 0.300003 -512.0 -69.5201]/9[6069.0 21.0 0.0 -512.0 -69.5201
-459.0 -16.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -417.92 37.6401]>>/PageTransformationMatrixList<</0[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -540.0
-324.0]>>/PageUIDList<</0 253>>/PageWidthList<</0 1080.0>>>>>>>> endobj 67 0 obj [949 0 R 947 0 R 945 0 R 943 0 R 941 0
xmlns:x="adobe:ns:meta/" x:xmptk="Adobe XMP Core 9.1-c002 79.a6a6396, 2024/03/12-07:48:23 "> <rdf:RDF
xmlns:rdf="http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#"> <rdf:Description rdf:about=""
xmlns:dc="http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/" xmlns:xmp="http://ns.adobe.com/xap/1.0/"
xmlns:xmpMM="http://ns.adobe.com/xap/1.0/mm/" xmlns:stRef="http://ns.adobe.com/xap/1.0/sType/ResourceRef#"
xmlns:stEvt="http://ns.adobe.com/xap/1.0/sType/ResourceEvent#" xmlns:illustrator="http://ns.adobe.com/illustrator/1.0/"
xmlns:xmpTPg="http://ns.adobe.com/xap/1.0/t/pg/" xmlns:stDim="http://ns.adobe.com/xap/1.0/sType/Dimensions#"
xmlns:xmpG="http://ns.adobe.com/xap/1.0/g/" xmlns:pdf="http://ns.adobe.com/pdf/1.3/">
<dc:format>application/postscript</dc:format> <dc:title> <rdf:Alt> <rdf:li
xml:lang="x-default">ReachHigher_CMYK_Primary_black</rdf:li> </rdf:Alt> </dc:title> <dc:creator> <rdf:Seq>
<rdf:li>theedge</rdf:li> </rdf:Seq> </dc:creator> <xmp:MetadataDate>2014-06-16T16:00:16-04:00</xmp:MetadataDate>
<xmp:ModifyDate>2014-06-16T16:00:16-04:00</xmp:ModifyDate> <xmp:CreateDate>2014-06-16T16:00:16-04:00</xmp:CreateDate>
<xmp:CreatorTool>Adobe Illustrator CS5.1</xmp:CreatorTool>
<xmpMM:InstanceID>xmp.iid:61EF35111B2068118C14D18AE7A519C3</xmpMM:InstanceID>
<xmpMM:DocumentID>xmp.did:61EF35111B2068118C14D18AE7A519C3</xmpMM:DocumentID>
<xmpMM:OriginalDocumentID>uuid:5D20892493BFDB11914A8590D31508C8</xmpMM:OriginalDocumentID>
<xmpMM:RenditionClass>proof:pdf</xmpMM:RenditionClass> <xmpMM:DerivedFrom rdf:parseType="Resource">
<stRef:instanceID>xmp.iid:60EF35111B2068118C14D18AE7A519C3</stRef:instanceID>
<stRef:documentID>xmp.did:60EF35111B2068118C14D18AE7A519C3</stRef:documentID>
<stRef:originalDocumentID>uuid:5D20892493BFDB11914A8590D31508C8</stRef:originalDocumentID>
<stRef:renditionClass>proof:pdf</stRef:renditionClass> </xmpMM:DerivedFrom> <xmpMM:History> <rdf:Seq> <rdf:li
rdf:parseType="Resource"> <stEvt:action>saved</stEvt:action>
<stEvt:instanceID>xmp.iid:F87F117407206811808382AFE4313DF3</stEvt:instanceID>
<stEvt:when>2014-06-16T12:23:40-04:00</stEvt:when> <stEvt:softwareAgent>Adobe Illustrator CS5.1</stEvt:softwareAgent>
<stEvt:changed>/</stEvt:changed> </rdf:li> <rdf:li rdf:parseType="Resource"> <stEvt:action>saved</stEvt:action>
<stEvt:instanceID>xmp.iid:DEDE7BDF092068118C14D18AE7A519C3</stEvt:instanceID>
<stEvt:when>2014-06-16T13:49:42-04:00</stEvt:when> <stEvt:softwareAgent>Adobe Illustrator CS5.1</stEvt:softwareAgent>
<stEvt:changed>/</stEvt:changed> </rdf:li> <rdf:li rdf:parseType="Resource"> <stEvt:action>saved</stEvt:action>
<stEvt:instanceID>xmp.iid:DFDE7BDF092068118C14D18AE7A519C3</stEvt:instanceID>
<stEvt:when>2014-06-16T13:50:03-04:00</stEvt:when> <stEvt:softwareAgent>Adobe Illustrator CS5.1</stEvt:softwareAgent>
<stEvt:changed>/</stEvt:changed> </rdf:li> <rdf:li rdf:parseType="Resource"> <stEvt:action>saved</stEvt:action>
<stEvt:instanceID>xmp.iid:4AF909C20C2068118C14D18AE7A519C3</stEvt:instanceID>
<stEvt:when>2014-06-16T14:04:42-04:00</stEvt:when> <stEvt:softwareAgent>Adobe Illustrator CS5.1</stEvt:softwareAgent>
<stEvt:changed>/</stEvt:changed> </rdf:li> <rdf:li rdf:parseType="Resource"> <stEvt:action>saved</stEvt:action>
<stEvt:instanceID>xmp.iid:4BF909C20C2068118C14D18AE7A519C3</stEvt:instanceID>
<stEvt:when>2014-06-16T14:06:33-04:00</stEvt:when> <stEvt:softwareAgent>Adobe Illustrator CS5.1</stEvt:softwareAgent>
<stEvt:changed>/</stEvt:changed> </rdf:li> <rdf:li rdf:parseType="Resource"> <stEvt:action>saved</stEvt:action>
<stEvt:instanceID>xmp.iid:50F909C20C2068118C14D18AE7A519C3</stEvt:instanceID>
<stEvt:when>2014-06-16T14:23:04-04:00</stEvt:when> <stEvt:softwareAgent>Adobe Illustrator CS5.1</stEvt:softwareAgent>
<stEvt:changed>/</stEvt:changed> </rdf:li> <rdf:li rdf:parseType="Resource"> <stEvt:action>saved</stEvt:action>
<stEvt:instanceID>xmp.iid:60EF35111B2068118C14D18AE7A519C3</stEvt:instanceID>
<stEvt:when>2014-06-16T16:00:05-04:00</stEvt:when> <stEvt:softwareAgent>Adobe Illustrator CS5.1</stEvt:softwareAgent>
<stEvt:changed>/</stEvt:changed> </rdf:li> <rdf:li rdf:parseType="Resource"> <stEvt:action>saved</stEvt:action>
<stEvt:instanceID>xmp.iid:61EF35111B2068118C14D18AE7A519C3</stEvt:instanceID>
<stEvt:when>2014-06-16T16:00:16-04:00</stEvt:when> <stEvt:softwareAgent>Adobe Illustrator CS5.1</stEvt:softwareAgent>
<stEvt:changed>/</stEvt:changed> </rdf:li> </rdf:Seq> </xmpMM:History>
<illustrator:StartupProfile>Print</illustrator:StartupProfile>
<xmpTPg:HasVisibleOverprint>False</xmpTPg:HasVisibleOverprint>
<xmpTPg:HasVisibleTransparency>False</xmpTPg:HasVisibleTransparency> <xmpTPg:NPages>1</xmpTPg:NPages>
<xmpTPg:MaxPageSize rdf:parseType="Resource"> <stDim:w>9.000000</stDim:w> <stDim:h>5.750000</stDim:h>
<stDim:unit>Inches</stDim:unit> </xmpTPg:MaxPageSize> <xmpTPg:PlateNames> <rdf:Seq> <rdf:li>PANTONE Black C</rdf:li>
</rdf:Seq> </xmpTPg:PlateNames> <xmpTPg:SwatchGroups> <rdf:Seq> <rdf:li rdf:parseType="Resource">
<xmpG:groupName>Default Swatch Group</xmpG:groupName> <xmpG:groupType>0</xmpG:groupType> <xmpG:Colorants> <rdf:Seq>
<rdf:li rdf:parseType="Resource"> <xmpG:swatchName>White</xmpG:swatchName> <xmpG:mode>CMYK</xmpG:mode>
<xmpG:type>PROCESS</xmpG:type> <xmpG:cyan>0.000000</xmpG:cyan> <xmpG:magenta>0.000000</xmpG:magenta>
<xmpG:yellow>0.000000</xmpG:yellow> <xmpG:black>0.000000</xmpG:black> </rdf:li> <rdf:li rdf:parseType="Resource">
<xmpG:swatchName>Black</xmpG:swatchName> <xmpG:mode>CMYK</xmpG:mode> <xmpG:type>PROCESS</xmpG:type>
<xmpG:cyan>69.531296</xmpG:cyan> <xmpG:magenta>67.187500</xmpG:magenta> <xmpG:yellow>63.671898</xmpG:yellow>
<xmpG:black>73.828102</xmpG:black> </rdf:li> <rdf:li rdf:parseType="Resource"> <xmpG:swatchName>PANTONE Black
C</xmpG:swatchName> <xmpG:type>SPOT</xmpG:type> <xmpG:tint>100.000000</xmpG:tint> <xmpG:mode>CMYK</xmpG:mode>
<xmpG:cyan>0.000000</xmpG:cyan> <xmpG:magenta>13.000000</xmpG:magenta> <xmpG:yellow>49.000000</xmpG:yellow>
<xmpG:black>98.000000</xmpG:black> </rdf:li> </rdf:Seq> </xmpG:Colorants> </rdf:li> </rdf:Seq> </xmpTPg:SwatchGroups>
<pdf:Producer>Adobe PDF library 9.90</pdf:Producer> </rdf:Description> </rdf:RDF> </x:xmpmeta> <?xpacket end="r"?>
endstream endobj 71 0 obj <</Metadata 70 0 R>> endobj 72 0 obj <</BitsPerComponent
8/ColorSpace/DeviceGray/Filter/DCTDecode/Height 110/Intent/RelativeColorimetric/Length
1588/Name/X/Subtype/Image/Type/XObject/Width 109>>stream
endstream endobj 73 0 obj <</BitsPerComponent 8/ColorSpace 965 0 R/Filter/DCTDecode/Height
110/Intent/RelativeColorimetric/Length 5959/Name/X/SMask 72 0 R/Subtype/Image/Type/XObject/Width 109>>stream
endstream endobj 74 0 obj <</BitsPerComponent 8/ColorSpace/DeviceGray/Filter/DCTDecode/Height
108/Intent/RelativeColorimetric/Length 2377/Name/X/Subtype/Image/Type/XObject/Width 95>>stream
endstream endobj 75 0 obj <</BitsPerComponent 8/ColorSpace 965 0 R/Filter/DCTDecode/Height
108/Intent/RelativeColorimetric/Length 4227/Name/X/SMask 74 0 R/Subtype/Image/Type/XObject/Width 95>>stream
<</BitsPerComponent 8/ColorSpace/DeviceGray/Filter/DCTDecode/Height 861/Intent/RelativeColorimetric/Length
30531/Name/X/Subtype/Image/Type/XObject/Width 911>>stream
R/Filter/DCTDecode/Height 861/Intent/RelativeColorimetric/Length 117075/Name/X/SMask 76 0
8/ColorSpace/DeviceGray/Filter/DCTDecode/Height 108/Intent/RelativeColorimetric/Length
2865/Name/X/Subtype/Image/Type/XObject/Width 95>>stream
endobj 79 0 obj <</BitsPerComponent 8/ColorSpace 965 0 R/Filter/DCTDecode/Height 108/Intent/RelativeColorimetric/Length
5383/Name/X/SMask 78 0 R/Subtype/Image/Type/XObject/Width 95>>stream
<</BitsPerComponent 8/ColorSpace/DeviceGray/Filter/DCTDecode/Height 124/Intent/RelativeColorimetric/Length
11209/Name/X/Subtype/Image/Type/XObject/Width 311>>stream
<</BitsPerComponent 8/ColorSpace 474 0 R/Decode[0.0 255.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Height
endobj 83 0 obj [/Indexed/DeviceRGB 255 84 0 R] endobj 84 0 obj <</Filter[/ASCII85Decode/FlateDecode]/Length
428>>stream 8;X]O>EqN@%''O_@%e@?J;%+8(9e>X=MR6S?i^YgA3=].HDXF.R$lIL@"pJ+EP(%0
b]6ajmNZn*!='OQZeQ^Y*,=]?C.B+\Ulg9dhD*"iC[;*=3`oP1[!S^)?1)IZ4dup`
E1r!/,*0[*9.aFIR2&b-C#s<Xl5FH@[<=!#6V)uDBXnIr.F>oRZ7Dl%MLY\.?d>Mn
6%Q2oYfNRF$$+ON<+]RUJmC0I<jlL.oXisZ;SYU[/7#<&37rclQKqeJe#,UF7Rgb1
VNWFKf>nDZ4OTs0S!saG>GGKUlQ*Q?45:CI&4J'_2j<etJICj7e7nPMb=O6S7UOH<
PO7r\I.Hu&e0d&E<.')fERr/l+*W,)q^D*ai5<uuLX.7g/>$XKrcYp0n+Xl_nU*O( l[$6Nn+Z_Nq0]s7hs]`XX1nZ8&94a\~> endstream endobj 85
0 obj <</CS 965 0 R/I false/K false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 86 0 obj <</BBox[1036.52 596.463 1056.85
584.23]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 89 0 R/Length 121/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
556.789]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 85 0 R/Length 199/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
549.524]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 91 0 R/Length 149/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
false/K false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 90 0 obj <</BBox[903.178 576.278 924.981
563.23]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 93 0 R/Length 123/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 92 0 obj <</CS 965 0 R/I false/K false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 93 0
obj <</CS 965 0 R/I false/K false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 94 0 obj <</BBox[946.258 600.496 968.986
588.189]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 92 0 R/Length 132/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
<</CS 965 0 R/I false/K false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 96 0 obj <</BBox[926.293 611.8 947.735
596.343]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 99 0 R/Length 117/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
obj <</BBox[923.646 600.431 946.225 587.629]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 95 0 R/Length 143/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
endstream endobj 98 0 obj <</BBox[349.434 568.267 368.951 556.789]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 101 0 R/Length
129/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 964 0
endobj 100 0 obj <</BBox[384.286 578.835 406.825 565.197]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 103 0 R/Length 147/Matrix[1.0 0.0
0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 964 0 R>>>>/Subtype/Form>>stream
false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 102 0 obj <</CS 965 0 R/I false/K false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 103
0 obj <</CS 965 0 R/I false/K false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 104 0 obj <</BBox[389.585 633.639 411.373
621.517]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 102 0 R/Length 191/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
R/I false/K false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 106 0 obj <</BBox[577.631 590.862 598.522
576.962]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 109 0 R/Length 143/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
obj <</BBox[1028.15 620.68 1049.97 608.426]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 105 0 R/Length 135/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
endstream endobj 108 0 obj <</BBox[568.574 609.438 589.307 597.087]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 111 0 R/Length
161/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 964 0
false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 110 0 obj <</BBox[528.214 623.003 549.24 611.77]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 113
0 R/Length 146/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 964 0
false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 112 0 obj <</CS 965 0 R/I false/K false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 113
0 obj <</CS 965 0 R/I false/K false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 114 0 obj <</BBox[525.73 620.68 546.308
608.315]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 112 0 R/Length 131/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 116 0 obj <</BBox[-7.36414 655.487 15.1815 638.314]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group
119 0 R/Length 134/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 964 0
16.0977 560.015]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 115 0 R/Length 229/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
618.129]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 121 0 R/Length 130/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
R/I false/K false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 120 0 obj <</BBox[1050.35 640.146 1074.97
624.505]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 123 0 R/Length 165/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
endobj 121 0 obj <</CS 965 0 R/I false/K false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 122 0 obj <</CS 965 0 R/I false/K
false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 123 0 obj <</CS 965 0 R/I false/K false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 124
0 obj <</BBox[1037.25 587.968 1066.64 572.932]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 122 0 R/Length 148/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
<</BBox[1063.03 598.881 1087.1 587.463]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 129 0 R/Length 149/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
562.435]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 125 0 R/Length 150/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
<</BBox[1032.55 622.289 1058.35 601.989]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 131 0 R/Length 189/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 130 0 obj <</BBox[1053.8 656.194 1078.0 642.346]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 133
0 R/Length 266/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 964 0
endstream endobj 131 0 obj <</CS 965 0 R/I false/K false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 132 0 obj <</CS 965 0 R/I
false/K false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 133 0 obj <</CS 965 0 R/I false/K false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>>
endobj 134 0 obj <</BBox[1060.0 595.104 1087.85 583.97]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 132 0 R/Length 150/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0
<</BBox[1025.15 590.158 1044.72 577.773]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 139 0 R/Length 130/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
137 0 obj <</BBox[18.7011 556.909 38.6651 545.95]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 135 0 R/Length 113/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0
138 0 obj <</BBox[999.583 576.889 1018.85 566.542]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 141 0 R/Length 143/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0
<</BBox[1023.42 634.395 1051.49 613.289]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 143 0 R/Length 289/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
<</CS 965 0 R/I false/K false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 143 0 obj <</CS 965 0 R/I false/K
false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 144 0 obj <</BBox[1042.76 579.437 1062.03 569.089]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group
142 0 R/Length 146/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 964 0
endobj 145 0 obj <</CS 965 0 R/I false/K false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 146 0 obj <</BBox[1039.44 581.159
1058.41 571.217]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 149 0 R/Length 110/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
<</BBox[1040.41 580.217 1059.62 570.046]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 145 0 R/Length 143/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
143/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 964 0
false/K false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 150 0 obj <</BBox[618.359 551.176 637.498
540.491]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 153 0 R/Length 144/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
<</CS 965 0 R/I false/K false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 152 0 obj <</CS 965 0 R/I false/K
false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 153 0 obj <</CS 965 0 R/I false/K false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 154
0 obj <</BBox[1061.82 632.882 1080.37 623.299]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 152 0 R/Length 105/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
<</CS 965 0 R/I false/K false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 156 0 obj <</BBox[870.036 551.867 890.135
541.45]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 159 0 R/Length 143/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
<</BBox[991.068 554.601 1010.5 544.553]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 155 0 R/Length 141/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
161 0 R/Length 145/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 964 0
false/K false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 160 0 obj <</BBox[6.95325 556.991 25.1939
547.731]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 163 0 R/Length 153/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
<</CS 965 0 R/I false/K false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 162 0 obj <</CS 965 0 R/I false/K
false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 163 0 obj <</CS 965 0 R/I false/K false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 164
0 obj <</BBox[0.967529 556.017 20.1068 545.33]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 162 0 R/Length 141/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
0 R/I false/K false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 166 0 obj <</BBox[1020.61 635.212 1040.3
622.755]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 169 0 R/Length 159/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
167 0 obj <</BBox[-4.41132 560.219 13.8295 550.963]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 165 0 R/Length 155/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0
140/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 964 0
false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 170 0 obj <</BBox[999.948 564.966 1018.26 553.611]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group
173 0 R/Length 134/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 964 0
false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 172 0 obj <</CS 965 0 R/I false/K false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 173
0 obj <</CS 965 0 R/I false/K false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 174 0 obj <</BBox[-5.16705 563.443 13.0732
554.188]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 172 0 R/Length 129/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 176 0 obj <</BBox[994.792 564.981 1014.27 553.685]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group
179 0 R/Length 114/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 964 0
R/Length 144/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 964 0
556.869]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 181 0 R/Length 141/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
R/I false/K false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 180 0 obj <</BBox[-2.13824 566.676 16.1022
557.418]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 183 0 R/Length 131/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
endobj 181 0 obj <</CS 965 0 R/I false/K false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 182 0 obj <</CS 965 0 R/I false/K
false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 183 0 obj <</CS 965 0 R/I false/K false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 184
0 obj <</BBox[25.1339 566.676 43.3734 557.418]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 182 0 R/Length 134/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
endstream endobj 185 0 obj <</CS 965 0 R/I false/K false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 186 0 obj <</BBox[1030.35
568.209 1049.75 557.048]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 189 0 R/Length 110/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
187 0 obj <</BBox[653.202 632.784 673.978 619.73]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 185 0 R/Length 162/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0
R/Length 133/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 964 0
false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 190 0 obj <</BBox[0.135056 567.483 18.3753 558.226]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group
293 0 R/Length 133/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 964 0
obj <</CS 965 0 R/I false/K false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 192 0 obj <</CS 965 0 R/I false/K
false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 193 0 obj <</CS 965 0 R/I false/K false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 194
0 obj <</BBox[142.631 554.369 164.451 539.84]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 222 0 R/Length 148/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
endstream endobj 195 0 obj <</BBox[1049.33 635.201 1068.81 623.907]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 426 0 R/Length
114/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 964 0
false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 197 0 obj <</BBox[-7.36414 561.021 12.8859 543.874]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group
205 0 R/Length 135/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 964 0
627.067]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 192 0 R/Length 160/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
<</CS 965 0 R/I false/K false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 200 0 obj <</CS 965 0 R/I false/K
false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 201 0 obj <</BBox[15.3619 659.5 58.3607 623.784]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 206
0 R/Length 401/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 964 0
577.085 1031.79 565.659]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 423 0 R/Length 129/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
obj <</CS 965 0 R/I false/K false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 204 0 obj <</BBox[72.178 646.507 120.48
588.271]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 196 0 R/Length 709/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
965 0 R/I false/K false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 206 0 obj <</CS 965 0 R/I false/K
false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 207 0 obj <</BBox[1014.55 644.892 1037.85 630.475]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group
199 0 R/Length 170/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 964 0
obj <</BBox[31.1385 606.85 59.8759 582.615]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 214 0 R/Length 388/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
<</BBox[2.44464 641.711 24.2707 630.178]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 211 0 R/Length 147/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
endstream endobj 211 0 obj <</CS 965 0 R/I false/K false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 212 0 obj <</BBox[27.4815
586.222 59.8759 539.034]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 191 0 R/Length 656/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
obj <</BBox[628.963 586.095 693.932 539.034]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 237 0 R/Length 505/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
214 0 obj <</CS 965 0 R/I false/K false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 215 0 obj <</BBox[33.4655 636.096 51.7057
626.837]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 420 0 R/Length 133/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
588.392 116.694 575.351]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 428 0 R/Length 179/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 964 0 R>>>>/Subtype/Form>>stream
606.833]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 219 0 R/Length 117/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 219 0 obj <</CS 965 0 R/I false/K false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 220
0 obj <</CS 965 0 R/I false/K false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 221 0 obj <</BBox[105.459 595.799 127.296
584.209]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 220 0 R/Length 147/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
endstream endobj 222 0 obj <</CS 965 0 R/I false/K false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 223 0 obj <</BBox[-2.27113
564.25 18.9771 553.376]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 209 0 R/Length 141/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
endstream endobj 224 0 obj <</BBox[108.113 583.126 140.174 562.057]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 218 0 R/Length
169/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 964 0
602.916 81.1697 591.479]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 417 0 R/Length 128/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
endobj 226 0 obj <</BBox[1041.07 613.557 1059.1 604.418]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 230 0 R/Length 103/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0
1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 964 0 R>>>>/Subtype/Form>>stream
227 0 obj <</CS 965 0 R/I false/K false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 228 0 obj <</BBox[0.0 648.0 1080.0
0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 98/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 230 0 obj <</CS 965 0 R/I false/K false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 231
0 obj <</BBox[499.35 618.333 517.591 609.078]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 235 0 R/Length 132/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
endstream endobj 232 0 obj <</BBox[1062.94 629.86 1081.1 620.137]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 421 0 R/Length
181/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 964 0
539.034]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 384 0 R/Length 462/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ExtGState<</GS0 382 0
R>>/XObject<</Fm0 378 0 R/Fm1 377 0 R/Fm10 376 0 R/Fm100 370 0 R/Fm101 374 0 R/Fm102 368 0 R/Fm103 367 0 R/Fm104 366 0
R/Fm105 360 0 R/Fm106 364 0 R/Fm107 358 0 R/Fm108 357 0 R/Fm109 356 0 R/Fm11 350 0 R/Fm110 354 0 R/Fm111 348 0 R/Fm112
347 0 R/Fm113 346 0 R/Fm114 340 0 R/Fm115 344 0 R/Fm116 338 0 R/Fm117 337 0 R/Fm118 336 0 R/Fm119 330 0 R/Fm12 334 0
R/Fm120 328 0 R/Fm121 327 0 R/Fm122 326 0 R/Fm123 320 0 R/Fm124 324 0 R/Fm125 318 0 R/Fm126 317 0 R/Fm127 316 0 R/Fm128
310 0 R/Fm129 314 0 R/Fm13 308 0 R/Fm130 307 0 R/Fm131 306 0 R/Fm132 300 0 R/Fm133 304 0 R/Fm134 298 0 R/Fm135 297 0
R/Fm136 296 0 R/Fm137 190 0 R/Fm138 294 0 R/Fm139 188 0 R/Fm14 187 0 R/Fm140 186 0 R/Fm141 180 0 R/Fm142 184 0 R/Fm143
178 0 R/Fm144 177 0 R/Fm145 176 0 R/Fm146 170 0 R/Fm147 174 0 R/Fm148 168 0 R/Fm149 167 0 R/Fm15 166 0 R/Fm150 160 0
R/Fm151 164 0 R/Fm152 158 0 R/Fm153 157 0 R/Fm154 156 0 R/Fm155 150 0 R/Fm156 154 0 R/Fm157 148 0 R/Fm158 147 0 R/Fm159
146 0 R/Fm16 140 0 R/Fm160 144 0 R/Fm161 138 0 R/Fm162 137 0 R/Fm17 136 0 R/Fm18 130 0 R/Fm19 134 0 R/Fm2 128 0 R/Fm20
127 0 R/Fm21 126 0 R/Fm22 120 0 R/Fm23 124 0 R/Fm24 118 0 R/Fm25 117 0 R/Fm26 116 0 R/Fm27 110 0 R/Fm28 114 0 R/Fm29
108 0 R/Fm3 107 0 R/Fm30 106 0 R/Fm31 100 0 R/Fm32 104 0 R/Fm33 98 0 R/Fm34 97 0 R/Fm35 96 0 R/Fm36 90 0 R/Fm37 94 0
R/Fm38 88 0 R/Fm39 87 0 R/Fm4 86 0 R/Fm40 286 0 R/Fm41 289 0 R/Fm42 284 0 R/Fm43 283 0 R/Fm44 282 0 R/Fm45 276 0 R/Fm46
280 0 R/Fm47 274 0 R/Fm48 273 0 R/Fm49 272 0 R/Fm5 266 0 R/Fm50 270 0 R/Fm51 264 0 R/Fm52 263 0 R/Fm53 262 0 R/Fm54 256
0 R/Fm55 260 0 R/Fm56 254 0 R/Fm57 253 0 R/Fm58 252 0 R/Fm59 246 0 R/Fm6 250 0 R/Fm60 244 0 R/Fm61 243 0 R/Fm62 242 0
R/Fm63 236 0 R/Fm64 240 0 R/Fm65 213 0 R/Fm66 413 0 R/Fm67 407 0 R/Fm68 402 0 R/Fm69 409 0 R/Fm7 398 0 R/Fm70 410 0
R/Fm71 399 0 R/Fm72 412 0 R/Fm73 201 0 R/Fm74 424 0 R/Fm75 210 0 R/Fm76 223 0 R/Fm77 208 0 R/Fm78 212 0 R/Fm79 197 0
R/Fm8 207 0 R/Fm80 194 0 R/Fm81 217 0 R/Fm82 216 0 R/Fm83 225 0 R/Fm84 204 0 R/Fm85 224 0 R/Fm86 221 0 R/Fm87 198 0
R/Fm88 215 0 R/Fm89 195 0 R/Fm9 202 0 R/Fm90 416 0 R/Fm91 419 0 R/Fm92 415 0 R/Fm93 232 0 R/Fm94 427 0 R/Fm95 234 0
R/Fm96 231 0 R/Fm97 226 0 R/Fm98 425 0 R/Fm99 429 0 R>>>>/Subtype/Form>>stream
1086.25 609.933]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 403 0 R/Length 139/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
<</BBox[706.99 580.379 733.967 552.748]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 239 0 R/Length 186/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 238 0 obj <</CS 965 0 R/I false/K false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 239
0 obj <</CS 965 0 R/I false/K false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 240 0 obj <</BBox[700.931 569.306 726.625
553.555]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 238 0 R/Length 150/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
obj <</CS 965 0 R/I false/K false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 242 0 obj <</BBox[709.263 560.794 733.346
544.973]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 245 0 R/Length 168/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
endstream endobj 243 0 obj <</BBox[690.325 557.716 714.157 539.034]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 241 0 R/Length
126/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 964 0
539.034]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 247 0 R/Length 203/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
endobj 246 0 obj <</BBox[1011.52 610.181 1089.36 539.034]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 249 0 R/Length 2633/Matrix[1.0 0.0
false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 248 0 obj <</CS 965 0 R/I false/K false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 249
0 obj <</CS 965 0 R/I false/K false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 250 0 obj <</BBox[1059.25 622.289 1081.79
606.927]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 248 0 R/Length 187/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
endstream endobj 251 0 obj <</CS 965 0 R/I false/K false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 252 0 obj <</BBox[1015.52
551.279 1036.34 539.034]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 255 0 R/Length 135/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
endstream endobj 253 0 obj <</BBox[1008.49 554.673 1028.15 542.874]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 251 0 R/Length
140/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 964 0
539.034]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 257 0 R/Length 121/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
false/K false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 256 0 obj <</BBox[1002.43 555.29 1023.46
543.066]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 259 0 R/Length 175/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
endstream endobj 257 0 obj <</CS 965 0 R/I false/K false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 258 0 obj <</CS 965 0 R/I
false/K false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 259 0 obj <</CS 965 0 R/I false/K false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>>
endobj 260 0 obj <</BBox[1009.25 559.331 1029.52 547.084]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 258 0 R/Length 121/Matrix[1.0 0.0
endobj 261 0 obj <</CS 965 0 R/I false/K false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 262 0 obj <</BBox[997.885 553.681
1019.02 540.543]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 265 0 R/Length 162/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
R/Length 122/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 964 0
548.973]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 267 0 R/Length 145/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
<</BBox[1031.97 608.632 1053.76 597.15]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 269 0 R/Length 122/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
<</CS 965 0 R/I false/K false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 268 0 obj <</CS 965 0 R/I false/K
false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 269 0 obj <</CS 965 0 R/I false/K false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 270
0 obj <</BBox[1069.09 607.837 1089.36 596.636]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 268 0 R/Length 152/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
endobj 272 0 obj <</BBox[1068.34 632.008 1089.36 621.352]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 275 0 R/Length 175/Matrix[1.0 0.0
578.474]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 271 0 R/Length 175/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
R/Length 136/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 964 0
false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 276 0 obj <</BBox[1005.75 572.176 1028.94 556.61]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 279
0 R/Length 264/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 964 0
false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 278 0 obj <</CS 965 0 R/I false/K false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 279
0 obj <</CS 965 0 R/I false/K false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 280 0 obj <</BBox[992.567 637.084 1015.13
622.977]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 278 0 R/Length 146/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
R/I false/K false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 282 0 obj <</BBox[875.745 581.981 903.77
561.781]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 285 0 R/Length 179/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
endstream endobj 283 0 obj <</BBox[885.77 597.271 906.8 585.62]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 281 0 R/Length 176/Matrix[1.0
<</BBox[836.6 621.517 858.427 601.181]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 287 0 R/Length 148/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
285 0 obj <</CS 965 0 R/I false/K false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 286 0 obj <</BBox[893.03 556.106 914.447
541.451]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 290 0 R/Length 116/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 288 0 obj <</CS 965 0 R/I false/K false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 289
0 obj <</BBox[992.577 562.555 1012.99 550.331]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 288 0 R/Length 117/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
obj <</CS 965 0 R/I false/K false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 291 0 obj <</CS 965 0 R/I false/K
false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 292 0 obj <</CS 965 0 R/I false/K false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 293
0 obj <</CS 965 0 R/I false/K false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 294 0 obj <</BBox[6.27069 568.325 25.7035
558.279]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 292 0 R/Length 141/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
false/K false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 296 0 obj <</BBox[988.796 569.937 1008.23
559.89]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 299 0 R/Length 144/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
<</BBox[998.642 570.743 1018.64 560.671]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 295 0 R/Length 142/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
obj <</BBox[351.631 569.902 369.871 560.648]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 301 0 R/Length 133/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
endobj 299 0 obj <</CS 965 0 R/I false/K false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 300 0 obj <</BBox[13.0129 571.515
31.2527 562.258]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 303 0 R/Length 130/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
301 0 obj <</CS 965 0 R/I false/K false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 302 0 obj <</CS 965 0 R/I false/K
false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 303 0 obj <</CS 965 0 R/I false/K false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 304
0 obj <</BBox[0.134827 569.902 18.3762 560.648]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 302 0 R/Length 131/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 964 0 R>>>>/Subtype/Form>>stream
<</BBox[1052.43 573.973 1071.86 563.929]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 309 0 R/Length 143/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
endstream endobj 307 0 obj <</BBox[1049.4 573.97 1069.4 563.901]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 305 0 R/Length 142/Matrix[1.0
614.292 1082.18 602.793]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 311 0 R/Length 182/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 964 0 R>>>>/Subtype/Form>>stream
309 0 obj <</CS 965 0 R/I false/K false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 310 0 obj <</BBox[419.129 579.621 438.56
569.576]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 313 0 R/Length 142/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
false/K false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 312 0 obj <</CS 965 0 R/I false/K false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>>
endobj 313 0 obj <</CS 965 0 R/I false/K false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 314 0 obj <</BBox[5.51514 574.782
24.9459 564.737]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 312 0 R/Length 142/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
endstream endobj 315 0 obj <</CS 965 0 R/I false/K false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 316 0 obj <</BBox[1003.19
581.237 1022.62 571.194]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 319 0 R/Length 144/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
133/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 964 0
585.274 1052.92 575.227]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 321 0 R/Length 143/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
endobj 320 0 obj <</BBox[1013.03 586.082 1032.46 576.033]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 323 0 R/Length 143/Matrix[1.0 0.0
<</CS 965 0 R/I false/K false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 323 0 obj <</CS 965 0 R/I false/K
false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 324 0 obj <</BBox[511.472 584.432 529.712 575.176]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group
322 0 R/Length 157/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 964 0
false/K false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 326 0 obj <</BBox[1049.4 586.929 1068.54
576.242]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 329 0 R/Length 142/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
<</BBox[1027.43 586.887 1047.43 576.815]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 325 0 R/Length 144/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
582.699]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 331 0 R/Length 142/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
*N endstream endobj 329 0 obj <</CS 965 0 R/I false/K false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 330 0 obj
<</BBox[1030.53 597.008 1048.56 587.854]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 333 0 R/Length 132/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
endobj 331 0 obj <</CS 965 0 R/I false/K false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 332 0 obj <</CS 965 0 R/I false/K
false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 333 0 obj <</CS 965 0 R/I false/K false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 334
0 obj <</BBox[1060.61 657.803 1084.2 645.579]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 332 0 R/Length 202/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
false/K false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 336 0 obj <</BBox[1030.07 596.854 1048.53
585.383]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 339 0 R/Length 170/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
141/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 964 0
1031.18 588.908]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 341 0 R/Length 142/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 340 0 obj <</BBox[1061.52 602.224 1081.52 592.152]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group
343 0 R/Length 143/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 964 0
false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 342 0 obj <</CS 965 0 R/I false/K false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 343
0 obj <</CS 965 0 R/I false/K false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 344 0 obj <</BBox[1065.0 600.663 1085.58
590.581]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 342 0 R/Length 142/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
965 0 R/I false/K false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 346 0 obj <</BBox[1036.81 602.602 1056.09
592.238]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 349 0 R/Length 141/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
605.422 103.976 596.164]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 345 0 R/Length 134/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
endobj 348 0 obj <</BBox[79.6767 605.422 97.9163 596.164]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 351 0 R/Length 131/Matrix[1.0 0.0
endstream endobj 349 0 obj <</CS 965 0 R/I false/K false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 350 0 obj <</BBox[1040.3
625.562 1061.37 612.283]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 353 0 R/Length 164/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 352 0 obj <</CS 965 0 R/I false/K false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 353
0 obj <</CS 965 0 R/I false/K false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 354 0 obj <</BBox[78.1615 605.422 96.4019
596.164]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 352 0 R/Length 132/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 356 0 obj <</BBox[994.854 607.064 1014.85 596.997]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group
359 0 R/Length 142/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 964 0
<</BBox[67.5541 606.229 85.7946 596.971]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 355 0 R/Length 134/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
endobj 358 0 obj <</BBox[1058.03 607.445 1077.3 597.084]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 361 0 R/Length 143/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0
<</BBox[1066.62 606.559 1084.66 597.271]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 363 0 R/Length 108/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
obj <</CS 965 0 R/I false/K false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 362 0 obj <</CS 965 0 R/I false/K
false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 363 0 obj <</CS 965 0 R/I false/K false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 364
0 obj <</BBox[1066.66 608.556 1084.93 597.559]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 362 0 R/Length 121/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
obj <</CS 965 0 R/I false/K false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 366 0 obj <</BBox[150.961 608.683 170.392
598.635]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 369 0 R/Length 140/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
610.1 819.308 599.412]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 365 0 R/Length 145/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
144/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 964 0
false/K false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 370 0 obj <</BBox[1066.06 613.526 1085.49
603.481]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 373 0 R/Length 146/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
<</CS 965 0 R/I false/K false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 373 0 obj <</CS 965 0 R/I false/K
false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 374 0 obj <</BBox[70.586 611.878 88.8255 602.623]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 372
0 R/Length 132/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 964 0
false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 376 0 obj <</BBox[1057.65 603.728 1077.91 590.672]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group
379 0 R/Length 131/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 964 0
<</BBox[1010.0 574.669 1033.31 562.675]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 375 0 R/Length 132/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
378 0 obj <</BBox[1006.98 654.579 1028.0 642.346]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 381 0 R/Length 172/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0
false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 380 0 obj <</BBox[0.0 648.0 1080.0 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length
78/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 964 0 R>>/Shading<</Sh0 383 0
endobj 381 0 obj <</CS 965 0 R/I false/K false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 382 0 obj <</AIS false/BM/Normal/CA
0.389999/OP false/OPM 1/SA true/SMask/None/Type/ExtGState/ca 0.389999/op false>> endobj 383 0 obj <</AntiAlias
false/ColorSpace 965 0 R/Coords[0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0]/Domain[0.0 1.0]/Extend[true true]/Function 386 0 R/ShadingType 2>>
endobj 384 0 obj <</CS 965 0 R/I false/K false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 385 0 obj <</C0[0.533333 0.392157
0.807843]/C1[0.784314 0.431373 0.780392]/Domain[0.0 1.0]/FunctionType 2/N 1.0>> endobj 386 0 obj <</Bounds[0.25
0.75]/Domain[0.0 1.0]/Encode[0.0 1.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 1.0]/FunctionType 3/Functions[385 0 R 387 0 R 389 0 R]>> endobj 387 0
obj <</C0[0.784314 0.431373 0.780392]/C1[0.905882 0.317647 0.615686]/Domain[0.0 1.0]/FunctionType 2/N 1.0>> endobj 388
0 obj <</BBox[0.0 648.0 1080.0 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 157/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 392 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 964 0 R>>/ProcSet[/PDF/ImageC/ImageI]/XObject<</Im0 391 0
<</C0[0.905882 0.317647 0.615686]/C1[0.941176 0.282353 0.243137]/Domain[0.0 1.0]/FunctionType 2/N 1.0>> endobj 390 0
endstream endobj 391 0 obj <</BitsPerComponent 8/ColorSpace 392 0 R/Decode[0.0 255.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Height
613/Intent/RelativeColorimetric/Length 115260/Name/X/SMask 394 0 R/Subtype/Image/Type/XObject/Width 1016>>stream
endstream endobj 392 0 obj [/Indexed 965 0 R 183 390 0 R] endobj 393 0 obj
<</BaseFont/GDITEQ+Poppins-Bold/Encoding/WinAnsiEncoding/FirstChar 32/FontDescriptor 431 0 R/LastChar
121/Subtype/TrueType/ToUnicode 396 0 R/Type/Font/Widths[212 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 282 0 652 376 571 605 677 650 637
535 648 615 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 737 0 762 0 541 0 0 731 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 652 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 679 0 0 0 616 0 0
674 0 0 0 295 0 0 0 679 0 0 558 406 0 0 0 0 632]>> endobj 394 0 obj <</BitsPerComponent
8/ColorSpace/DeviceGray/Filter/DCTDecode/Height 613/Intent/RelativeColorimetric/Length
R/Encoding/Identity-H/Subtype/Type0/ToUnicode 430 0 R/Type/Font>> endobj 396 0 obj <</Filter/FlateDecode/Length
endstream endobj 398 0 obj <</BBox[1045.61 611.037 1067.52 600.3]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 400 0 R/Length
176/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 964 0
<</BBox[207.017 617.446 241.684 600.407]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 406 0 R/Length 138/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
endstream endobj 400 0 obj <</CS 965 0 R/I false/K false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 401 0 obj <</CS 965 0 R/I
false/K false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 402 0 obj <</BBox[258.53 606.15 279.597
593.916]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 401 0 R/Length 103/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 404 0 obj <</CS 965 0 R/I false/K false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 405
0 obj <</CS 965 0 R/I false/K false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 406 0 obj <</CS 965 0 R/I false/K
false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 407 0 obj <</BBox[32.0291 618.254 62.0711 600.498]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group
411 0 R/Length 135/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 964 0
<</CS 965 0 R/I false/K false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 409 0 obj <</BBox[169.79 651.616 208.352
613.534]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 404 0 R/Length 265/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
595.787 320.614 581.715]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 408 0 R/Length 147/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 964 0 R>>>>/Subtype/Form>>stream
endobj 412 0 obj <</BBox[3.99982 555.846 37.9075 539.034]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 405 0 R/Length 234/Matrix[1.0 0.0
obj <</BBox[831.963 560.953 853.77 548.918]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 414 0 R/Length 144/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
endstream endobj 414 0 obj <</CS 965 0 R/I false/K false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 415 0 obj <</BBox[1062.45
627.036 1080.49 617.873]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 418 0 R/Length 101/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
<</BBox[49.4519 632.898 68.8828 622.853]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 203 0 R/Length 141/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
endstream endobj 417 0 obj <</CS 965 0 R/I false/K false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 418 0 obj <</CS 965 0 R/I
false/K false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 419 0 obj <</BBox[1053.94 632.898 1073.38
622.853]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 200 0 R/Length 142/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
965 0 R/I false/K false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 421 0 obj <</CS 965 0 R/I false/K
false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 422 0 obj <</CS 965 0 R/I false/K false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 423
0 obj <</CS 965 0 R/I false/K false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 424 0 obj <</BBox[27.4815 625.519 53.8151
609.365]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 193 0 R/Length 184/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
endstream endobj 425 0 obj <</BBox[1041.72 616.84 1059.87 607.191]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 229 0 R/Length
154/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 964 0
0 obj <</BBox[1062.49 627.754 1080.64 618.036]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 422 0 R/Length 139/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
endstream endobj 428 0 obj <</CS 965 0 R/I false/K false/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 429 0 obj <</BBox[1025.15
613.526 1044.59 603.481]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 227 0 R/Length 146/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
<</Ascent 1108/CapHeight 705/Descent -606/Flags 32/FontBBox[-562 -606 2477 1108]/FontFamily(Poppins)/FontFile2 397 0
R/FontName/GDITEQ+Poppins-Bold/FontStretch/Normal/FontWeight 700/ItalicAngle 0/StemV 172/Type/FontDescriptor/XHeight
433 0 obj [436 0 R] endobj 434 0 obj <</Ascent 1065/CIDSet 435 0 R/CapHeight 698/Descent -572/Flags 4/FontBBox[-531
-572 2567 1065]/FontFamily(Poppins)/FontFile2 432 0 R/FontName/GDITEQ+Poppins-Regular/FontStretch/Normal/FontWeight
400/ItalicAngle 0/StemV 92/Type/FontDescriptor/XHeight 548>> endobj 435 0 obj <</Filter/FlateDecode/Length 34>>stream
R/CIDToGIDMap/Identity/DW 1000/FontDescriptor 434 0 R/Subtype/CIDFontType2/Type/Font/W[1[0]3[267]660[298]667 668 454
670[683 198 551 210 476]676[320]679[629 628]684[630 213]690[524 1013 674 613 772 707 513 504 778 692 246 530]703[432
861 703 786 579 788 608 587 541 675]714[976]716[584]724 725 676 726[607 676 620 329 676 640 246 248 515 246 1030]737
738 640 739 740 676 741[373 522 364 640 561 820 479 563 455]751[291]989[677 885]992[219]994 995 380 1027[571 574]]>>
endobj 437 0 obj [440 0 R] endobj 438 0 obj <</Ordering(Identity)/Registry(Adobe)/Supplement 0>> endobj 439 0 obj
440 0 obj <</BaseFont/GDITEQ+Poppins-Bold/CIDSystemInfo 442 0 R/CIDToGIDMap/Identity/DW 1000/FontDescriptor 443 0
R/Subtype/CIDFontType2/Type/Font/W[3[212]671[287 580 282]676[376 571]679[677 650]693[659
762]696[541]699[731]707[624]709[652 615 591]716[671]724[679]726[605 679 616 360 679 674 295 294 618 295 1059 674 637
679]741[428 558 406 674 626 866 588 632]992[314]1027[657]]>> endobj 441 0 obj
<</BaseFont/GDITEQ+Poppins-Bold/DescendantFonts 437 0 R/Encoding/Identity-H/Subtype/Type0/ToUnicode 439 0 R/Type/Font>>
endobj 442 0 obj <</Ordering(Identity)/Registry(Adobe)/Supplement 0>> endobj 443 0 obj <</Ascent 1108/CIDSet 444 0
R/CapHeight 705/Descent -606/Flags 4/FontBBox[-562 -606 2477 1108]/FontFamily(Poppins)/FontFile2 445 0
R/FontName/GDITEQ+Poppins-Bold/FontStretch/Normal/FontWeight 700/ItalicAngle 0/StemV 172/Type/FontDescriptor/XHeight
32/FontBBox[-531 -572 2567 1065]/FontFamily(Poppins)/FontFile2 448 0
R/FontName/GDITEQ+Poppins-Regular/FontStretch/Normal/FontWeight 400/ItalicAngle 0/StemV 92/Type/FontDescriptor/XHeight
<</BaseFont/GDITEQ+Poppins-Regular/Encoding/WinAnsiEncoding/FirstChar 32/FontDescriptor 446 0 R/LastChar
124/Subtype/TrueType/ToUnicode 447 0 R/Type/Font/Widths[267 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
endstream endobj 451 0 obj <</C0[0.784314 0.431373 0.780392]/C1[0.533333 0.392157 0.807843]/Domain[0.0
1.0]/FunctionType 2/N 1.0>> endobj 452 0 obj <</Ascent 1091/CapHeight 701/Descent -593/Flags 32/FontBBox[-543 -593 2510
1091]/FontFamily(Poppins SemiBold)/FontFile2 450 0 R/FontName/GDITEQ+Poppins-SemiBold/FontStretch/Normal/FontWeight
600/ItalicAngle 0/StemV 140/Type/FontDescriptor/XHeight 554>> endobj 453 0 obj
<</BaseFont/GDITEQ+Poppins-SemiBold/Encoding/WinAnsiEncoding/FirstChar 32/FontDescriptor 452 0 R/LastChar
151/Subtype/TrueType/ToUnicode 455 0 R/Type/Font/Widths[238 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 485 485 0 674 254 583 260 486 0 362 574 599
661 644 0 0 0 0 263 0 0 0 0 538 0 716 643 768 717 532 530 768 717 278 0 0 0 0 735 785 608 0 641 609 577 697 0 1024 0 0
0 0 0 0 0 0 0 678 678 602 678 617 345 678 661 278 0 584 278 1048 661 638 678 0 404 545 388 661 599 844 540 605 483 0 0
0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 275 0 0 0 0 927]>> endobj 454 0 obj <</C0[0.941176 0.282353
0.243137]/C1[0.905882 0.317647 0.615686]/Domain[0.0 1.0]/FunctionType 2/N 1.0>> endobj 455 0 obj
1.0 0.0 1.0]/FunctionType 3/Functions[454 0 R 458 0 R 451 0 R]>> endobj 457 0 obj <</AntiAlias false/ColorSpace 965 0
R/Coords[0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0]/Domain[0.0 1.0]/Extend[true true]/Function 456 0 R/ShadingType 2>> endobj 458 0 obj
<</C0[0.905882 0.317647 0.615686]/C1[0.784314 0.431373 0.780392]/Domain[0.0 1.0]/FunctionType 2/N 1.0>> endobj 459 0
obj [/Pattern] endobj 460 0 obj <</Ascent 1091/CapHeight 701/Descent -593/Flags 96/FontBBox[-552 -593 2574
1091]/FontFamily(Poppins SemiBold)/FontFile2 465 0
R/FontName/GDITEQ+Poppins-SemiBoldItalic/FontStretch/Normal/FontWeight 600/ItalicAngle -10/StemV
140/Type/FontDescriptor/XHeight 554>> endobj 461 0 obj <</Filter/FlateDecode/Length 28>>stream
R/Encoding/Identity-H/Subtype/Type0/ToUnicode 470 0 R/Type/Font>> endobj 463 0 obj <</Ascent 1091/CIDSet 461 0
R/CapHeight 701/Descent -593/Flags 4/FontBBox[-543 -593 2510 1091]/FontFamily(Poppins SemiBold)/FontFile2 469 0
R/FontName/GDITEQ+Poppins-SemiBold/FontStretch/Normal/FontWeight 600/ItalicAngle 0/StemV
140/Type/FontDescriptor/XHeight 554>> endobj 464 0 obj <</BaseFont/GDITEQ+Poppins-SemiBold/CIDSystemInfo 468 0
R/CIDToGIDMap/Identity/DW 1000/FontDescriptor 463 0 R/Subtype/CIDFontType2/Type/Font/W[3[238]673[260
486]679[661]685[263]692[716]694[768]697[530]706[785 608]709[641 609]724[678]726[602 678 617 345]732[278]735[278 1048
661 638 678]741[404 545 388 661]748[605]1027[624]]>> endobj 465 0 obj <</Filter/FlateDecode/Length 3996/Length1
<</BaseFont/GDITEQ+Poppins-SemiBoldItalic/Encoding/WinAnsiEncoding/FirstChar 32/FontDescriptor 460 0 R/LastChar
116/Subtype/TrueType/ToUnicode 473 0 R/Type/Font/Widths[268 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 263 0 0 0
0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 641 0 577 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 678 0 0 0 617 0 0 0 0 0 584 278 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
388]>> endobj 467 0 obj [464 0 R] endobj 468 0 obj <</Ordering(Identity)/Registry(Adobe)/Supplement 0>> endobj 469 0
endstream endobj 471 0 obj <</BitsPerComponent 8/ColorSpace/DeviceGray/Filter/DCTDecode/Height
63/Intent/RelativeColorimetric/Length 1567/Name/X/Subtype/Image/Type/XObject/Width 61>>stream
endobj 472 0 obj <</BitsPerComponent 8/ColorSpace 965 0 R/Filter/DCTDecode/Height 63/Intent/RelativeColorimetric/Length
3769/Name/X/SMask 471 0 R/Subtype/Image/Type/XObject/Width 61>>stream
475 0 obj <</Count 0/Type/Outlines>> endobj 476 0 obj <</Filter/FlateDecode/First 978/Length 3037/N
480 0 obj <</Extends 476 0 R/Filter/FlateDecode/First 526/Length 1999/N 61/Type/ObjStm>>stream
R/Filter[/ASCII85Decode/FlateDecode]/Height 63/Length 1985/Width 105>>stream
8;Xu\4*opH%-Dt_RS8;&6/kL/_/J`Q.ugB?e'(kI7@q@k%^6tVZZm%/M6^&3&_Ku,
"8qrs+R%V\2*=Hdl2ft[')GtfrjNGhS``i+OXErnH2928GG4m5^t8LcGTQ2lqGho]
X0'&\!SU\P3U=#3K[%_h_H5c>N$O;DJLFlW,[U;k#Z:?RfF4/YX`@qWBc&Yn>%^e7
`JhW0hr@QG,plGX`<9BU,qBoDl793lIof\dFH5VlTq6&E<]0XB%;=X7&FjLfY'KYl
`^5HMbZr>TEb0'Pn"IBq`eHM-`)2!DF8C8?_/=WmN94K123_ctjm!bYD8,f/jUZY3
UOKphnl=h60ZA3tru?@]$H,GH.7IA0dh/*69bO?!m1X9ZA=l^"?\s3<203I`Ba.nm
a>0_sH[iYT?8<]oo/3S5Hq7#dDa>rYbG-%om=5m8s4jL+#*5Ip[R,QiPBb(YD)dR;
*Cj.o!g9/`H+INN&X2.i/Ydj5'(@YFL=k4?UR5QjhqRBN,tu<RTbaP;Fo/;uhI=rR
osIJFDY>3H\Q"@lL/bCDF$<W#r@DR^`HR37JEuHC\oeU5Z-KH'E3p?]="X)Pm5MM>
r*5Vc+qb6;@dIgR9m`51.U^o`)[i2%l$=g6bnFSA=[ZDGc,s@8%Bd%K[`/qClZFLI
`mELN8-HQT03d-rAFUMfI7/[!?;01(c&\.KhG0-`PstXB/-mTbJ!hfm6GHH\qlo='
EfTILop%p"$)2^6.u'>kPH=q'(h/^E8)(_,h&o%3_g+OG&Odr02&!mYNcn$[kG$km
Dd6YQ`mSrEL'S+__Le=,=N<*pX(2$h`][B-coT!G*IuLaOIg?EM:e5/Hs8;Z?PZSD
'eA#-/c4,F`B8c.C0oL&k")4A0G1$(q)U,u<g$U-&<GOn(`oW&6!)$SRfumRBT4"V
4=VU3rXoqRE@2*:?#c*+j=XASs,ZK$ZD8uu$lrIV"02bR=p0u:GW'`<7O6;HlD2*d
Er]Vs8)9RNRapsOeqXm)<li@B<2A:cjqu42$Rer4Or=,;;+HG6B4GRVC0\sAg1k8D
K-8U2<jEBJ58=#1\^nmI7&b5SPoIl@&OdML?aLo6D':0_OLVc9L8%GbT$&.Bs.J7h
*[.X+q'%I^`.:a`#L[uW0%.^9PNDH7;4X15O.bp,"VG_2Km;]oG=#Inh;/=_&.t=c
#V=7S<BFb@m7U9YUe0nj&.'")7#9-'prFQ;;&g$bokXf>b:+[^lpC!N+V\3e8>d`<
9ehD:,FWbG7N.+*jbW@bNs&=FM5g2+=WA%urT$K\6k^_iSco;n)8pXhLUqehaAqCR
8/3uD;<edo$:QpUWH9-7B8Z%a*l_eCU*;5`WR40`m;2KkWY9F(0q;&&kO\<C4<0-S
n`T[W4HOGMWWcB=AbElB#!lSGU?8SWR[ts,LQN/h?Kf<!([4$?Gos<RV9V`WUE1`s
nj@Z!Lh@Qs#`ZtTRYOkHWXH#1KWFj+=p_=j;2,9E,[Odq>cce[hJTqAJM6#r,;_p0
;_XFjASg^GVu'&2[-\Oti11K*6\@*=Le)t,NiX(u>EOudPf.$MYVQfH(S9`Q(h,lb
)IlDiVJgY.QoQdBWqTV)AN[uZ:W"D4M@)]fX'>(eCFA>kF9`ODB06>bLP'=n4&ML8
>lRJsO.jIQWNjt7\@>;)j]u;D#!m>b6ndOS.p>.)p"l8<W1sM`'haso6^r]I)m8Ge
qLXC`8Jq<?GRf>)@d8N(rUWlJrZ5f2_U(A-5[is)Entg\MWccfJr81*(h,qoKRAco
n,-(-fZ+C8kG=+Dl[9"FqTNUVPb$hR%!=AdOed-ZNgsuReU`-mHmAOZOM3[IFK'`X
jOIRbs2GCr,19)^\FstN3p3'II-E=![-n&e]kVo*kcXi9>*?MmoG`nWX_0c#PDsuk
]u,%S8iG\^d;&tqLs52&#V/d0A(4MeKI$j6f[6)6o?q6S#s,\]61)=M(%(6brYkiE>,QW~> endstream endobj 482 0 obj <</BitsPerComponent
8/ColorSpace 83 0 R/Filter[/ASCII85Decode/FlateDecode]/Height 63/Length 1696/Width 105>>stream
8;X]T]l#&R&0<dXMki+.mCLHRK+.r;SOW<o)!;",<H)dngP&C,a?Bac2)13TS7\V7
%[8r_!9WTXB)&^nP15Q=iFmE1[kmXGRjD-68<g?sXk+t3;$,JUD?5[-^Qr"!eq_'F
ej"tm<JjLlfXd=*HU:+AQ-RF[,:`?'%Q'KEDG]k/pBr!@h7@OBNEn2,,ghE+"fU])
V@6Y_@\>T"f\$l2OEG!uYR:(.Uf[Y%2h"X/Em-pF9Bui-K#,<*@YQu^Y9^of"=$\:
ngp,0,bO:uOcH!l]$#P53(!m4_uouF[P)2:D192MT01^3)P=Y.a2TA`Xa!F^e,;?F
fTBcGL%?R4;Uj"'S\.G6=inYcMR&1j!+qg:;j2NPh"2)Xm4L\06ZX3N.".iY&fa9n
:,$_.VSUL[EsDjQP6%/Z"QSl0lCZnGN'ogc&X(u]I.SW`'Kn7,\.kWeBO'<^+K?.l
!Vj)CD4bt*jQ!I_ojtN4(^\iE'YOsXIuis8p,2L<BC@a)`n.[$@6?&"Ra9pnV!/Q?
N1Wsc13'?\,T@TtZ6K*U3h8L/Y=UmV:<.K7M:p%S(3gl#!cPd(30KOUJ"9B5+)^el
<COZKU3LdB1,4`9La+k(cQY`pdV=)QIahap<0MW5NA1ZZp,?R*g2RKll,*^H!icnF
HXj#?VIV3<Uf@1=T:%"*UB`gn`WA<RF^9e:Hqp+.+l*0(-5PYi<E#'5(^X'!OJcj\
)O5O*(e<:-`CU54KU>a3*l+Qg;h2pT!HrD6:+?RQ#eHPCaa09(1K0kq)GC=NDQ6m7
+#2@"HisE*!3tWuJ@"NbM`da(A:j+NUHM9T0OG=M(U2Ap&^Lt3,4fK]Y+Zn2N2LW4
c].Yq>3==d2>LiEEoc/j1u]Ia]e;d\CIr`4js^/a1/`FQ;1Ul-D3mCo[6JM$*8u5M
qi#7m2g@imE]NkL9Q#hagTI)Ds8;_Q_3=a'!dBr^H'c>7%CsP93P1eqok\!1\Y?GJ
"iqLdY<WdGdk4ft]:5_o,9\:`eAk?A^'s2Wn$_F16+JenSkf9SM!r*TLsP&E@6VX4
d%RuuEYP.$jkVN.eB?hKBmTaYr(ej?Sa,r\g(mZ#"5'+GgH5=R=J<0&j&<A=LN=m3
W9Lm33cW(.GD&T;s2f\&b[1VJDgMCu[r4Wi,=G`K_K8EdhGHq5ZU45lcuY)DXERg5
>lAaU0C=&[hl)*7s#O"]c#RjEf40C,O6*XUEFA.3OJR'&:@"`cm794V\s0AdX@jaX
-Ypp6"BUk"m'K]`r#5NI<q"ca7B\2dMJV^!A<O*dCEGEYIoBT^#eq1!Aa5;<--mS[
A?IRWFMlYtd=t=ao?T8U_PsO-/((>OSapKs=K?WNVXACd7P!Ki/rqGm.Qd+te@)tF
\fYI(m?Qdm\PMJdh1lE19akk[kL,bkYR9k!B4S88Le@,,aNU2M)9f>Z\E+40CTKhX
7A*oZ`I#M7$WC6Y>J.8MD0sISZMo]lCtfhC;&7bY(On!=(AFW\<Hld[\bk?;,k0AG
6*%)d>a$dQZg6_\d7#Tf7QMc\,kmXN0+JAhpW.TLHFYqKZ%S\W*n!\NoK>5XDf83O
f%+Mm3l'\hEKJH_O4+N/X*_^Y]?:Rh!eqmeQ6jFF>ND_Q[7FErX:7Zc#oItm@*,.3 H'T45Q7Sb!^eoodaH1%Kfd7+r=<a&W4N,TXpYPu8?-Q7~>
endstream endobj 483 0 obj <</BitsPerComponent 8/ColorSpace 83 0 R/Filter[/ASCII85Decode/FlateDecode]/Height 63/Length
1281/Width 105>>stream 8;Z,'4aPj:%)mX8RkEqo3mgkZ@;DU'EoL&Zl4PgM->MO_b'sI<ABX3R%jaP4588[(
pAimlI<t*>nbK;ppNG#28'W*Cp[0&]]uP+LI_(hpP"5%FqnrJb@gd3"VciF*$HKsp
a2BR,H@Psl*/]A(onY@E=5H:a77R1`s2.\nJ9W5CMM&pcUV*.M\8ubV]P-fsMPG1o
m\"h2OXkq7#;es0"6U7db%lRb9bYtI8FV,-fh<jnOud&^],0pQJ+n96,MhCBT!of`
FhhuBP9XfPgMnb]a`1k#)]`;#p^W:(O%\Y.Gog%T5@2Z2T3f4m%>H8j4R#5UEoi0&
m:n*;\M!4$cWB'gM:P5kocj=r:tgu"Upo*7b+@pE3PV+J*cYouhX=gl/<u`fUNa7O
,N!ci#^Eh[90lPR,`IQ-P@E*Dbn</kV6\6=AtPd0'Ki,!o9sl<Na/bsJ$.k02a)LU
2'(CBO2kF8j:G<N\r]&kP0Z+A(j%F,g6<=M<7PR:j^^J''2VQNlLhGh=u3$LPXp:]
PGh'53Dt10StQXjbG[=5VWL'I2]#uk`UK.SZg!-DRhjkI5ZtC%(67DuTpj\5n&(Xn
ANr;S;VQ#;n-[ZLZpoC=>K$Rsca]T@VBu4NXo5I)cQ>+,ZSUS1.$(EK3MPcq5#@-S
"snSEeib=&3h(g9mA5O^;s[_`$Me.3T0'^Sn4*&nW'X_RE.?rZWi=at'A7Yi'*684
J:DXIV>T2h^6,b%qs('7Rs/<fG]`k2gKPC'7U1&6Z3opCU#Qo$6!1j\<AM[rnN9Me
&Z8#4d><i((l\9k=3k^/G57HT^H!HW$p@8D3Ok[<?%]L*s6a8,bq)K:nQLstJ1-A1
5n/j[_H'k%25'f*;&Q1;%agr\j9;S%C1kGHe1QMrjd<'b?$QW&6_TO?h\t)W2Y4$8
9R`"N'B&2TlD_^$U+,o^"1V6ucs@VB/U\&Zeefd1/9c=#G.6Y5B8P<jSX9mFZX$;u
8h+YMr8d0VX;?bM`"7A%%C,N\Ru,tUJoG>'/X&n%oI\e2X#[%eR)U[\bLOZ->T`_Z
Y<)BD*E8;6CdE[W%HKKD,9*`h>4sanOS4@=Fs;0g/W?..3-donR8U;'?g[/-i@-!@
hkEJL5T&d%$F;c&$ths:8#(B<NtGh24kHYN_KEpN`W'3a\Y5#h9+49tn+!D>bQl<'
HZd_1Ff:>9Q+%qY*.m]E0\:RH&k'\g+rB.@)TMP$1KT/7a$$]RI@Xe`'.dk34DV_G mH$q2)<RZskD]G%Tt^[0EdA@N~> endstream endobj 484 0
obj <</BitsPerComponent 8/ColorSpace 83 0 R/Filter[/ASCII85Decode/FlateDecode]/Height 63/Length 2085/Width 105>>stream
8;Xu\]lN-k&;HZ:M:<AWEcVbRCCZcV*0THIGDI`tb)B0YC,`R?MhU)D\Ak+3A#Z_<
OB4i_nVm!!fj+S'5`r@"5J_(\O<Ut,mC0\M-'obE8<:L(^_J/jFVu2SP48@N`38WH
3*a\^BDc/&r4-TVFX^I7-:Y?aeVc/7*AV$)PnLfEl;,23IJ1YY&8lm.#a)Ku1:%t`
@"E;jITSB"L!3s&A\_&qn-g.cF_/A*BRP*m=dB7/9ph7'%X3`UL38mCq(o\RL?0Qo
d3dLC1,(R&GM2uE]g>1NUjk4Fd/$Wil1=Minu:So#>Gj6ZK$@rcUE4Ph;)oW7dES]
<?<]"<d0:DYoY6!4+b0%o;9PM`dHXj@%BCU=+[bNb^nlU/5+?j.K.-MD,kUgb`t%>
HB>f[?&%-nJ8nS,bOWuZHmDA6Ebi&C=8&D'fC"Q-KUD-r+GrRV"Yf^n$##V)l_gbq
q4OVRZ.!eTC98h8`F2FbM?DkXor7k:NE&&d]*2GmW7p*1=U72(IGXG4EB(E/+rHb]
Mbb69-q_f$E-1tS)9peE.3cn;Igg%"=:_j[Wt$=6&t.=CZ!uTkKP(Z44oT6$bXO^T
fe?dZreGnj9J^Zg>m!k((d^o\FW'c$_blc"_t"@+2q99b](lI[M2F8Z7,(S);*Re%
bZrA>77ELZ.GJ:5&[4'Ri^@bR&Q.mEaR^(-*?Tq$`:$jLpF_IY[alAN@A=M$HGGZ\
;jCF,Q":"/M8[#/KRebpL[pj.7MWj;Nqa1tcbsjPjuS,HDhT#7gc`9*qN),Fek><.
)?8A5''n*E@dE=CFpWu_K#FhsO[I!!($:!/`dX&tr]4JgZh<!9KP4TH67us%\T??s
k\Hf>QuB@OpKJH_Pd+c>k$iD??<*g5OEJaI\^n>e&`nF`F3n5\'OdVDA,$dOX0YfO
XKcf^bT*ELY0V`U/:;9`jh`;<&9g5[:LZ`H$5aE/&eJW.1*C`!CVC==NNDK&pf1c$
]B7@+[B6Y\/.4_=e6K\n3a"K;%!:D]'>Y+-)ma(Vi'm5_U7dOHm?[U"[*\jF]YJqK
nhP.X*O<lt1[/n+/P?XL*C1CO)EPdE*0'2S7*RNaFCC%0dGht<M<i6(Uc@Kog(Bc5
,!;#)U<n&Q<7f5TH!n>Q$J*8@H5+RJl``8.DKgg5J."bU_!60g$DmQ^dIU*c^D'Pg
P428cN1T70"i`AeY1<rSAlKpiP$<3YeFr4%9M=XY&WIc#J4u@Y_d?sg4t;NBr7DiD
s%5[f9SN+WUtG>S<\P`A'QdI^?/_br)$O4Tn^5(2d+6d-RnmHuH7n`D+>]I!DSTCs
mTr`6(i+/bl)gYo>07*9O!@'bq!D05n:0%qAa"]V:-;lOG'ff3pP@gL,h^hhO1]OP
9\B/KIaj:sNFq'[[cnJQ[#:IUL6VUufr+<ue.[2J*s(T$VUrikd3d)kB<LkCUY<=5
JYC]8E:_*Zj8g78@n1J4S't$U?QhI?lf@n2A@JVKag(6W1\3]P@D@Ps@7H#IcIcZ:
!E#2=NJ[0.c])p(=S,r:Q]_]5Ke'#!#$&GJA"ttr$P?)Of"K%Fj/MG9HJe<7lo=Lc
_!MA/$g)il]NJ"6VE0i\L]S+'@i"$ZkD>k0pa-,b7"i[2luIFS!T=V7g+P)<C^\Bj
mBeeJ=gW&]"$9`gQ=,K0?r%q1TLG"<[G"P.LX[&Fo=Da$.1'pC0E@(fA$30oblFC(
&e>knB84QKkM)$$e#T'6NQW#bXkHb^T[BD^p%.SOY6Uj-$bDIDh&<TeI@P@j2u;@S
CKK>A?2m(fPB?:&f?+Y^4uDN7mj'G*mT`\7$)4+g(Gg,JGF@].n%17bc%?87$lSZg
b`*V7)SSf74MN5b8O%bijS=CL:c=Y+2s\`-AqbP\EPE^.]Dl`&&m<D1^oF3BEf'Xs
=Bn$p3o-TPiT/k;3QgX"hb(\9g/oU_5o[@VlES9n*$3UN6M(X&5\m9r3GIn<#OUG_
'QB]t#Z&eg4;TNbF+6Ah7`8,TaKsqEap0qA;/LJY]!IElBLE9"%^>"k/K0p5?'[UI 9uKnfBTSpBV2'GRT`e$*;Mtbt3kt]5!4tYY'*~> endstream
endobj 485 0 obj <</BitsPerComponent 8/ColorSpace 83 0 R/Filter[/ASCII85Decode/FlateDecode]/Height 63/Length 1521/Width
105>>stream 8;XEL]oj<n$q?M/P#SM<P:dC)Z"D3Wji9n8/&aZ*UhVpM6tocbb**dHWjk[?f*MJ0
,l"iPSW=>l>`qb<_Zs)O>%oXqP]uRnE((5C0$kW#`9VaVYKo*./n"RL<i]9qk0WBs
6gBeiQ;Kf(g"RYPc8i"T78<4>(&aHX^4mSe(Eq5PY7+07gKO[>a:Cf'hT-,F?UsHn
#^a3-^TNT!JCY6ZG?Gh<=tm)3NXCThL'sAZq[RNoYrlJ-D0e:i3\iRO]?VYo$nZ]P
#LX9m^=LW!oCHhpPdkVXU_o16p.=/"pdi<OGn5dTFGQrSQ8#A?@NX0DJn<i.]2sk[
ChH)dT=oq4.P;9:IMUSI58]"9/S*1YCD)^R?M;M/l>eNUIVEbc;6piH=U)<G!tK?8
cRa45q1ZR[@4O'Q*3rT&kenknI-qQ.F13ij&-B(Ca[[H]&8fdMl!Y%f`);Yg<bGX-
FdZ6;/e]ioPe?!2ZeOsnqF`K<"hlq=qk5rlGS;9bQnLU*cGSNIPVQ0Be$]S14Z%$<
I_C3fHs@n*"]P2&j/B4OCMpc;HsEA^4+RZ*D0bSop'-EKeSUg,rHDMY!MUWu;2GQ;
>9SBLVL:$d[_fM08F/#o-h@7f%\e_<6CAh^A]KdX!g(BW"8J)ffU2o(+^?$nEPPq0
g[U[#D/(kD`IH.ML`@RYinSPU'VnJb2'=]3PTq,5?/fQC>9ueg(eotH!0O%4'cFKf
O/BEr7`@l=4Rb[D5iKhR4V[TeOu[+jnEMdTcskX%clrff4K^Oh6TBtT(OG5U3>_R+
6..Q*#l(#LTSW>=0c*]TZX#m@`!SoQLCfTeF#rjHq#A(R/U+<Q/c#s=pu54*cLZkO
=TPrl2_$H!42^/G6ircAP^SL#om`-OD+Ar9&c[K#aR;8U,;$Bu^]F#j^41!ajW%@G
/Np*'F?R*]/7[X%QJP4=s':V>dANgjgs-RiD`O.?#:-$*kO]*aZbeEjQ1aUqbAT>@
OOoBgq0dQ/9cC>R^XmoCV\NB[OeSnJr4Pum.Fgi#.$/_6?NugCf6BX>U>F0rV3>=5
i=2Q2ZNqs5'uU$fOs3UrKG,ncp\obOUj&5KXr)XR!7^EC/PV,;,5tg)d\X99p1JPX
BtSMInMlnajG9Xuaec\Z*YYLA7<HJk@cl5(Bd6(''q"tiT:Un/h7%p:c]Z5PmS*&i
?TY>R#Xh%G(8\msHMOW<jQhW#*Uf[Nqc:jX+6\$H]R-R*TntDeB8tN8s0SDAl!<_R
_b?]9#JBh*[:a.(IRB@6MKY3<[a784TbstG?_c>Y`gk<L8\o;BNA:HZ]brVg%V7gm
S\NFiq1<oU?8!S-fBjVJ=>NhPWhcbe:iFg)\t+GuV&Y+mK,d]?LVB%[5tjS.7D]]q
aXJWJOd6%ie,plJGQVXH$`Y@-6&jJ'7oGBMFWrqF4*Zc%`8e"UI4C@&O.nm]%P.d<
b`JTYC2R."AWB.j%"0"t`2KQOdTj,sLh=Jc6o8F&Z#hc26Nrd-V2PWs3aD\,!)9k,qZ~> endstream endobj 486 0 obj <</BitsPerComponent
8/ColorSpace 83 0 R/Filter[/ASCII85Decode/FlateDecode]/Height 63/Length 1300/Width 105>>stream
8;Y8c4aPj:%)mXB)LLD?PB9AWj:o$MCJ#C<bntYer,q3,E1N-l$%dYilm+/k82;J'
G^'3VZSPAKaT$\.n1,EMFb0Mm8N_KgK_9s,`Wa1Blo(otXZ]%P)Zqjj&M9ch)mclg
0gmsZiWdL4<+4A0')+!5KQn(Q^EV?OA&fs9&h_)g]bl.@,'Ga&B9:WI"n+Ucs8EjP
0qo]kXndoi'C>47A:Q3B*]h^`d(LJV4(5\?U:9CR]GMm[FQ.2dSam)^GfXgE)mm=6
0.,cCA,.BT=(ik'a\M?IX@9e"r-#)+[>s4Em\2"[eZa8`2L0Q&^AU#")l2u$5GI?&
pc[<JIZ#IN?kEBL21TP*p4GF8kZ0_ap&cau1F_.$kB;51L@dltR;I0OOcIb9S1t7.
a;GLZS<0JLPe;3[!t2gbGY=^Zh$4A?3UTBLoqIh7I#`U+bUA3"-s^KO/"[-=T##X\
R4%'4oG\Ns@]&+.Sfd@$/id)Oe/4phT]ZAL^5iA=n_=fK(>3b&fQ(48;<`FaUNPJ/
WG?*;\+HZ=-T!Kp8cIVl@"AUY;eIh4n5pV315*AV:t61YdQmD':T9A?Of\9=46n;+
GNa4#)A6.pc5GHXd(VgLP'rL%\o-HdLt:i;k$%TI`]DhpNjeL5l$qAi[?I3VSXB+]
I"AOe8&d.$h`]nE>$qTFJ#Bo`:ZtQf=_nUG;)M1@MlJ7h1*GMH"Xn'^+b$P?4gc*0
U>+:f.!)&AH;.[*EWl&NG_GX:m7hq/f%V?!jj#)R\'Wr3p-WurlT$Nq\*s%;nG+H[
/gKF,KIh%QVuBH#rMu]pT*]`c?]fDjDM>9F"]-8?3jSYnA6hqcW9H*0VfiE-MR]j<
EU,PKf$_1dZs2!@Dd2o9[<mG*2O=/C`[(Ek.%,A0F.i+.ja"*AR`W'4>O>a4;$X$]
6cl$/_`8C^@RrESWe1/XP"A:t-&+VTb>Q;#i_DDM.Nre,P1k*JBiT#bMrfBR6.o'V
h=k%3W4XXU?[k)Ygr&FR$eX]K2iom@T)7;QWI1lIc9IHncPf1:pY2eK-WD,Dle6[&
R[H'\?fJ,tY&`9/qYci&kk*CG8]Pgu,oK;S35(=3KsWB%3U6NX50[04dqQCV]MHGO
(M.HBi`7A-jm;Y`\X[SNeiB'1bJ\GnE]pk56nDZ`,2nA.Eb5b_ZmE`PogjlKc@ECt
jE2^g=\#@n%T/#!l\4grD;[E[4W^,RcS?2%)5=nZ1Gj888uUm0V0?I1e5-Q:F]]!L 0#H%AZ4mkpMBe+ZbE/rM)_6Xu//_(eO([Z9r>bkOKPfi~>
endstream endobj 487 0 obj <</BitsPerComponent 8/ColorSpace 83 0 R/Filter[/ASCII85Decode/FlateDecode]/Height 63/Length
2401/Width 105>>stream 8;Y8d4`_jY&VZrVAGlg(KT_gE6M_4/A4S0`g;$'')p4"[<EFkI>f7nZd*Y`@="RQd
@-^kB9MXQhJONjb-&\k4Dt/&,!+ps&IRr8cg.#/i-O5X_n"Bc&b0e)W]_`>dp;i*V
Qaf-:X?(h[/,Lu0G[.&':[$*Ll#XUZ]lQs6-R#4^;11?7N8ntmYjm5_j$mI/1l'\*
hKRqUba1\-HZZNs;1Bd'j^n8[F"u=;<S1S"qntJW5(Xfg_0^O1@X1Ar(teJn_)*h*
q#4Lu(W#'M8,%hLGMALY29X`VZnX:qjLf);9A]L8c0?s,^dI]^rIsR0F3.('r]E?o
>d'j#[Hlh:A)bgGI%1#:QZFkEL\n1$.T3+ODjD#gcZWq3n:7XPgL.bOrG_=J(Gd!L
Qr!a,r9*@ONT5:H52"1]HRnL4FsKdD`j$TFQcCaTXIiI0JnsOb=KF`7]NO*@JoCj(
f'7$8g>I47EUC1(-u).#RAfoNBA9$:BK([m!]37;,aYFm&"j^e0I[#s!a)!bH_c!F
jUcJ+"=F4BLT&LPQ4S,/o$]h;kFf5u8AG*1Q!>$G7chKe;TYDaRS7Pl!"nqL&+(?^
TN#X%I8/`A$LN^BgWebGg!EI49?<?sScn5?+R=^_*RgCiJ"T1;2.X)k<BoV/Xp&NL
m1r3da(%k'EJ.s<nF8>*M!1$Ao1+gh&%..!rpEi#-kSgob/Bs.YYtIuL2qI-7@(8+
U3!Fc.l8C=!(pA<V39:8JJFCL@BF]GA<7$72eGR7:6t_WUO1uPeXC7^0YX.[gjgqk
\WHGMp*f1eOMgq-g8+[!Da&XE&UFkL2hYVU!G:BF431Q)rS*h_Ojqr]$!@@m$-pjS
pW^GoN"A<C;4u(jIQX2"#XDP9XT0s(*Zh.U$IiT+b[Ei>'=Y:DHUGpf@&i`7EDKY4
4a\hL$:Dc\6U^d"$n]UQ*p,.BRV>GA@@:9CO`A(bNVEU?=7/4+5n7"W9ImBp(),[.
g<tc]%<KNkL?bC@1:*mHfhg'sm3q;`+BVE9bs:GoI9K"oY1M@EJn`a[oQ8b>JJB0@
*@[VC1<T]^/5Mt?[:U4X/p3JXP3RU33D<DFg(n'.l.s]Cl:9<j#2S`]V)l[%8^`&%
CG?[9ggq*hU%CTI`e0k>=$VS`BqXIbr_8C0H><PS?Zis9='a0APQGA8lN(ao'pJI+
2k2D2m]!Vi6C,:cBtgpb>gjb%ipQG#h+h;n_rqZpAqlI\=L7bU$7g@*rOPF2eB#nt
[-F.S!a4`2?hIcKMk\kIi't;S%oA7#r[8$m5,.c6_)K:YN\$SAA\Lhu[n:3F'4R[;
$BY3=@M1ARI$ED(QG,@"14@t&]_L09l8^6AU0&CCUnlA+!)0ZOfqU^VYNNDfc!.P6
?YYK1@[]p\Qr[ugW(OFEs$.:039YOsZ4M@#QD>KM;tFd"*Yfu<ocG=I/PQ]f<Tpt_
4BfHh`F4UjVDg3RDa7V.FNmVob]@<p=HgMd[N:^Ks5&4X:\PC6#EX`KB9[P/=)!tl
@_E?F;9eLbJ["GEU;-`4gNjQG+A!'?[KgNunNtl#+Q@j=-<%&PVeVo_!c-1jk:?Ej
>g?&RLZ!@cX*]VPYOiX!Qh/&-ctnd(D+<R',Yhi!"Sp;H2FLR1U8b_0pN7WLSNa's
p7[2K]7c+t[[5W;>RGe(GBp>gQ"gmT16'!%Z"`Q-_lF!9FR%?a3S";6fQi?Y]-r](
dW0;M41bBsASn+[MVWD^(Tp8bh'H0U*-ZWE"/s^+=ra4gg2-Ci1jYjRKkONUL9d70
\XG=\JgeaaMN`[',U0,um0tb-8tkHTN6Xnfo/">iB;XCF#95VHVEXmjSlt"XXQGTj
S=_j_Pr)),A#)]#@XtI"N@ZF2[N^$@*gL>QRUo&]NHL^[=dJGFjI3d$33Ccq%E:B6
J]`H[jhB"krsL!%[2o"H=jEeb1LJ\0WD5>+7%JFgVgESqO(6\t\O5uN9-DA>7l!a)
.>q,0c!qATd:&!aoA&>F"sK^eSiefi_EB"Ha3pr/ZRJ+4niTPV99`OH^NYM5n0JW#
kofNOXU]O+OJ`Dbmr1KW6nRK_`S'J"\_BD:=S\G5eb's7e%aZ8c2Yj-n?l,]%AS@>
rVEl#K/F4BO1i*,>JDoYb\Un[^G=Bu\f/CSL&er9mFqdB*?LbI-BiZ!-I.*/^Rn3>
cF;NoWq+j#As]i.lZ\\>\'@1m]mOZKLc24@HZd&?=4Zi\j/`&-n$AlsHFrc,Z?A=`
*2UM]]oM=G<*n=EpC^+9alBWiEemIEJ;n_\IH#Y6I=f1bUNXRaII-H&^&cRAXi4f<
7^)+n0[r?eZK)mlCuo>eC:;.1#NIfO>/8M((7%Qlj-lgt.SD(^=hmmjBIcG-9D=W- L)O/4/1pBoL.6Ce*WQ:0N=c~> endstream endobj 488 0 obj
<</BitsPerComponent 8/ColorSpace 83 0 R/Filter[/ASCII85Decode/FlateDecode]/Height 63/Length 1327/Width 105>>stream
8;Y8d4-J>P%)mXBRT72o8^ct&fMd$c`bMdoX12DI-=aU/UrRUE![J'NCs)';Lk-h7
&qPfC:m0KK-bAEQ7l7uT!Ep;<#:/j;-jf2E)iP/VIFnt/g"a/o<]:4n6mK:'C,KU9
LLZ.C)9!&J(T>3PY9iT]gk9na,/5>TEc&]AE"Xe@kZSBYAe@*Bnfp\?fRii=?/Ha!
/On6"TJ`;qD1Wd7Nsq*R_F$g3!h/F0ZOrLM/:*f2cDr\::+,HVc'3Dh`Bug4:XJsX
]UFqSpZ7TX?(mD9,s/pjF"?65jel#dWc\_?FV?>EXI<FsA+GH,>,CE.oi2q%!%ok*
5ImQ^lLHb,mj=_pjmVrE!A-RgCTodP,<s<dBW\Xb42*ReMk=FTj@HI7e=\c%?%WSr
\M)&+`($H`B_*4bfnt4_;(mea,@rsZ3!<!HZXH!nl\#\g1.DX]$Q0)UcD9!HEi)_=
ghJjmF^IX3d"(c-pFPbUog>:782J20-.RIRqR5[uUJoM#A)@gSVPb#?0UTg)ia@_<
B@u2sS@0Z:&]PaKCS74e.YDr73d7*t3$EU?U[LKX09"_ZFY)#6ZlRO`AjNHWO@RnR
9cafl4G&1*Yf"jLnXd:f[[=C`XtfTLra!5pC?\b/g9I0k&H+VmH\Uo#"-+hn2[Udd
3L9n3Y3On#k3hCgh94+XPOX*N7\RHsdGPZFO`(CnLr>'&;q2K.*>;J$DY88I$lNOO
(li2-@>K[(8F!*-NuSP`=1(Ogp,h.:V?V)kBB,@eNcg[&)i05l\nS3'n\HS"M#r#`
(@UJA%popS2r^W9`%hrCU:S))0<?^OW/elb<VqDqH\=$pS%V2;3tu8HKKSQ5''Wma
hE[=GZ:8$)CaZ%Td7gUPe;-r8(0^1NKL1a&XeY33,f_6)Q4Z^UW8/%skE@s4%A+el
NS92=hduJq_$WRg+S%1885)8f6.H2*#YP]sQg3sM/%+"/:<M,@MV7ou@R'Bf`*rl^
f.*&eckOdigPj1!biRI."PR5/U>_0.aM%/:i!QbZ`,hPt/=#t;T5!75pB&_)%cUoo
crOI]_qSDep"4bU$rO2t1c*/V1MujbM6H3Ub3aRpq"hjEG5CWeV"6^`PK]i;SR1IS
5h_K7+*ICi]IbM7kI:&>jQ!n$nY3,0;;A1I[HtS5%Yt!ocar3.`c>\EGrb9G<[&<_
@Zg.J("ont/D:`sn[]r5P;D.!4aW_kB@baMJO@rGn9Q3>;&ac::*'q;G;%AY6Q)W6
&i2@g3D-69MPUhoN`8pc4a1!8W"-\m;R-uJ/W(d4W6::,FI=Y61+X;9$'/_4GQ'Z( p7R`e~> endstream endobj 489 0 obj
<</BitsPerComponent 8/ColorSpace 83 0 R/Filter[/ASCII85Decode/FlateDecode]/Height 63/Length 1284/Width 105>>stream
8;Y8c6#t^6%)dYn)XG2\?]lK$$JRA-Z$OM`Vreij@cc)Mi&`4cO9.u"Q98kS(a:9K
";VB,$G-j<2gb96/Zfk?eciVeP2(PPaSK@uEIlbth.dD2Hgf>H+[C=I&`#pa)0<1&
0uV^riWdL4<+4A<')+9=8A#4*>*3X?[c7jlaAAIG`K4PpZ'1mR"A&]"8D[jh:Y0E@
&bR"1Sf=PZf\uME!*LF,FJVJmF$4,YL#jA6a_%pO)F@l1'DJ`Te8GK/K:OFjT_1Zs
%?d?Ej\t-L5uVfjm"eHr?Gq35s'BG:XV3[o]5/p(e#(C$:*+<5O/HE?eGf)EI^<qL
EBgN:K+$[25cXpe75XA+`aA';gcrcL(&.X-gt2(MJuiP!@qHaQ"d+hk-I*5+F@BU_
pB(nN/rc+i&E=K?VQ?'W5S<)`0*iXejCN&[bd3!<@0G[5LV9+^lU/c$l!`grR9)`S
VOS46"XAo9Lb)It#2J9QNO7(7m5<62:tF6DV[uj[jbaO<eorNPORp?56a:6kk\F*e
rr1E>b8=&aYp0cVan/f=(a]tf8A^XF/P#PsgtS=-ere:CocK0)H+&a,R-,gRJ1H<g
/0;n.8=9a3N,'8;_bC*dah1PBaVWgu33*?'n9>#H4"P_'+bgtt]LKVf`bs[01qq'K
:o_'8&T2)FXF42olh+Tg,#aPrXj%t?KpQ;)l3*B`KK<T8l0"\CO67JrcA*L(9Lg7K
AZ)b\Ar6Ktft+<ncD.A=Phm4.n!BTO-Z=G<::6cT%VU#HYXm-s#2B"EGEVl!4qE1i
,X?e+b'ZBeH*s7ri_HY%=_I\SFuRsHGus%r^=Y9#17E6*m5IB/`NU(Q>=UU"*X_?X
2+&rFNOeagd",_ig!<iOf3kmkMj+aXQbL'_[@(UdZ`1N;7"*T(=cF5?FR/I6QJ/qG
C2n%3lEm'5kmZS]O3Y"bq0X*,oqh36P-Qlp4r]Dul?cu/7FdcGCV6^Chjtf/F*?=R
W4rTZ@E5c`o$5;:e]=ler;Z[>WUS\Qkl/6@l@2.Nn\%*;hm$b4BCE&!Wl@bNgV)S#
$b%kU>J-,Zj7l)!P5^L<3K@b#Y0<fFo<7sL?]n`Vf*f^@p$!cZZ8Q<OX-0o39)<fs
T0?&PZ]ucYQ0"+gEq$2A/4kag_NVCKM,gcn98k7_JIi:<5dL*RF<hl0a/B`5U(KoD
1Z?I@i&P*V*kWP#8lH-97)BQm1j1l_:sBGB+2X.TMP92C97lG6=IO#k"OX;1dYPIC 'p_&(L*;2gYdE=[$luL#"ou/lO0\~> endstream endobj 490 0
obj <</BitsPerComponent 8/ColorSpace 83 0 R/Filter[/ASCII85Decode/FlateDecode]/Height 63/Length 2579/Width 105>>stream
8;XELc#+c:&`u[-d1=VP;4!D&Qh:aMAASC=cUF<>Qr>L@d+hcSe4EFi)@,JgJ2DZd
I7]G\3Q1Js*I'7>#"ZL(5*E#`><fR/)&B6a`KmP!eQ4;f";R#C1dCqpi@G>qm1TGU
GhLl%PZ7?,*s!1Wr"FC^$Mr1p]QGAg4VK&d*n@;G_bZ(sM'4'\9#$6=$?Q,Ma8H]i
Wd&eWcD(&e6,S[IWlJlJ[2</m2V>\f2cG#;_1Ps?M9kV$nJ)TUA)P^]K5"3Y$22"6
n%n&S=$K.O]49(3RcS$13hPo:KrEZb&pLU/Zhk1Dn^)Y\s2*M,6Am<Xs&_J8>jnAc
F4^;geg+RZpb<5mhX85$NX/LY)c*3`)tqg.Rf%t]aNCd\q!:%Vjk+ktC]:NF?B:j*
[UG.8F8=$0rmC5H)p^nAh+)>*K?P_e\WU-KrNXlsq`IorB]Ea%P$++0';r,Yb![5g
2GY8a8L"VNUfQMNNDskm%"(,KMA\NLc7)cZg&lpq_>mNch;#XRTli.tD03f\VZNHU
S80'uZ-%4uP8WCY#aVHdd%#:s.80i[.JXh,d5M+<N5coi/*BV/OG",fT+mJSUlF?-
6`$dL'8O]qB$FkA9<pub#nV)"/`X'ONMucj1:9nbT>&HA/rc!`E+3q%DGmSREBBET
ePh]ooF3;X@jQUl".l=j!\'NOhk.W4rLOlZ).f`Ub+,o4p[cZ<D,JI;&satPboc).
0dAPc<'G`lhk-8e3g<1b+LOKL@^]RVD1F%(fZ;&Oj]!`^;9SaPlJXB,dUf-#S8o*%
:B`QJRfk,G6nd/kB>/rq_^22`Mk7-7FH/mh8K"4\Z]'Jt[Hna53[2[Z'U(*OdO[lb
jA`m&6L-0I1c$_gHC3Fq#mYi-;c7jh9Mo=o+uurAWmV3]R:GDNqY.8=kXs'#+NtiA
"\=c'kqXr$=YW/oFLXMJq:OQWX[,W'r.rNBY2"PKbsm@%"ei(S+O_2M-Y(/nDG+&;
6;ase?&5T4R3(K0]1[._Q[.bWOFk$1+cYG4b:)!AU`1!<0n2t*_fGq)94R_.Lf7X@
D&>ug3h]M+[7GPi,5R;GQ5,a.0M?&;-;(9)qFI_7BiKo@9;>\CAPo8VTI2S@'1&j8
-PdCZ!Wo64>;.g-oCje-Lf,rhS#ct]7=rQ@mmnJ43j*dsZ9/p1S\[:LXu7OlY<eJg
73"C(5R)Kp*md=E#gmE`/VmHl+E\]\+F1+1,2+Kj,E^3m2W8[M/jGBR1W"s2;/BPp
_JdZeQOFRBf4j>+,HR0ro%W?Jdb;;kbsXm^r8VUDC8^`B(@7WAcVurEPSZpVH`gD4
:Z,lC=_pu@D^S`SEPg.,l4C@JAFm">^(unFKATVZfkE2_jR2*Hr&=62T&d12$sE<Z
:RJ3?RharZn%T=8:6@+\-"gpe>-8iMVO9Ln*$PJQGLfHh:4O`e.C+uSLkbAkrpHS0
2f))(Ag-h4WQm/Za65qUC`F"Olf&L8&8%6gFb5%+!"e2P(=?i@J1,deh%^F11elnb
NlGdJDs[]!`T--h/LP^V1Lk)'P#9)!K]oEU%Y8,7L"0PD/)>WSgNUQ6a!e=>]A6f*
3s$kF4]u"/MTkfDqTbHD-*?0rlc,\>H5309F_[mGm<3huh0$?NM;^"J"no7P\'PoT
&8D>&XMN;MSH_GmfpIg[EYs+..OLpjhm-o6XYD_AZI]&6.4EGuW:L5L="ro??2Csa
B8<2/n0UJTpfQ5rUX;UO%9?k"@htWVirjgK/UCOYihhusG2ogKb#+.AY06#MD-r?S
kftEaA(f?[<*)K8Ad-(tMmM9/qE1c;.a+9=Ek')n_75,2/RYd<$QNURG'^(^V,[lh
)!=KN(iZ$+RP;@U2oFIBF$ubfi+u0CoQo3qQAItOa"s'?JK]94/WJ\jFV,iJ,6S$Q
\Y!pt,*uq%'Y68dDN1]>LmXu=)XV$iC1dW=PacDL4$ARsY`GgU#SGItG40g#]f*_#
"VnV1Lne1.cNYA?e51V$_hlrmoSn$0f'P\-pT@fIS]N[7VU#(,3qHJH`#+*Q@4,@'
#gm]Vd-f"Q<eq`QG5$B+%R9f!@f'2'QX][7B;$9BA;LC)s2If!oF+db&Y8ZB,G"Mp
cd$]<A%-3"p/^3A6@XsBhN@#dX2l:#[,4/-^DEm[.-aRbp*UO>KV1B9>j,N3T+><8
rN,GbEBIk[<iu#tQ+Gd85FX^+@\RjW]<&o>`).qe)XFW\:$eKbkhu>r^?O[Z]=Yd0
bK2$Z<9L%Bp9C4_6aDs1B?gIq;>J\s=o[[5pA8c8bhF&`rn@,DP(+N\Y^c2l7K:Ht
I\>?Uo4A/Q=G$PK+cHTs(0@\t`T#Il_Wu]E%u\E^lVUg@Cio?ReYgq6VtZhO^NfSA
rnRf,Ogi;!@+FSWgc0_LcYjkBK!(R5.EHq!R?K;1_d56'SCS`ESrM<A'=>UhHO>"f
c9.gE*&qlO3*gc7"C49:E7>47:?N\E7M"GQoYoc<bLqYs6jtpa<@e<.(.UC=U0?rh
oNPJT7gsfZ1A&a%Q7>l*R\eOe9,41$`6nPMOI$uBC6fnVHOMd91g&JkE=C+[s#0pNlflI~> endstream endobj 491 0 obj <</BitsPerComponent
8/ColorSpace 83 0 R/Filter[/ASCII85Decode/FlateDecode]/Height 63/Length 1509/Width 105>>stream
8;Y8dc#28q&>$OmF]nB?2R*dG?_pL)<.0F)CnIdrPTIur(?d'i`UY'.^b2-Mq)UU-
+Y!Co[VMNUN'pPXB>41r'I@LFig6llNM:&"5k>&bJAg<J-"_U9K5lII&,"$olEN'#
]+EnHHpl"PSW+NSE"!HsiGkX6$g!)qYIh<:_MsBg+jr00/M&d:!6%o3n$s9WbUdom
UjEfT?jk\8Kl)7G[MVkuJR!]?ZnQZJ4u,A=#S14?$g:`MRG+oN@StlJ4,jf3SO2,N
n0B%u4<D?EmL>UlLdmd0]I]Zpf*N@^]4AtW,fV$7;LWspKAJ_BUKUkp67#'lXf':[
j\tBt\A(oB(JHO.2Vl3L9V:Bpl87V[jknP?.H7$&ZGs3Ocfb]qlZ&=ekHe*o&Dn20
/2/lN.5fZL#/N3'BD/>f6mc$RSBgp971<op9*EMbLOR58`;:+tn_@SAkAb%'AX4lW
P$nt1YW2_>7-%I;#'FMgd;bf%6Cnq)S8^Bs(\2A'&k'lFp#jQ&NsnMcAT!au_\:PJ
RYDu30Na'_Xn*.D^;i3Rcgf7Qee+.N.0u%7,"FQ_]M&^b9XJ$B;95qVWR=e/gE4_s
RnjchOg<WM%_htcX<G1pL0-)&k->j?LXCB]:&9gY.eq)47ao"L;AB%g"Kd7N19gjA
>3/4$dWE_>,%DF@ij3\OZNbjC4tF/lmEK'8Y+BDF&4sE7r1pnT+Zd(X]?%IAlF2`9
CMmIj<l(@9?l6j5fXC1h+m8/iVlt==@iTc>#6$L\`X1+G@Ak"@rPi#*FRKI9IjqT=
o:+q4(r%Ug/EAUndi@HT!Z^1m(@2gaY1Fd\NDSLNq;/boqnEqE7B#V+FFQE-L@9U$
@h?V#7sFb41U$V)a5E)]$WgsZAUfYck@^\<g?Gsf3b.&q\>dNo2WZeM.^H%Sq?FcL
S[e[>/>?B#F"$$gV`rtK+!Vdd[%tm+'G2rB^!h6J6D:!7Y'^"Il$oFb&62g_F'R/^
=dGe#/+08J@u!]kF[oOj5)d)+)8ICVL?q]$9K+g?7p)\Ge\SIBI?o,=i2,F_D3OEg
VVj"YW%oo(p!q@gs8:M5P,1bF(]/tT_CDDTRB^a,fY7g`j$fjMa>$9Chc=9]E\*dG
nL<eh9q']X2`JN7q,jF["@4ZN*=^da=G$2!@I@u,HfF%^oARh#Tc$qHL!"@671jNb
BDieIomN.ggqpTCXs5aj<OWKLjj[44L-lg6).*,&8Y8Cq;D1sJ8"TIcGCG/ILrs*#
Gh:.94nA!NL9Fq>HB;]/b"iOQ>1@2tP.#6)9[]*<U$gZY6X#_'D7+l\=8c1cDRJ5^
]^4bk>!-T&'qCOGQ*o3AB!^?t=o2#r/3B/oQL-GG`F@6[/.s#):=cKNMf4IBBO)7F
)&glQm^9L!/Sg7_iGaZ6Zu-/1eI8&"<o[%lq;@.N:k6Wk`!j%BNWrI2_U=??4--(j
OJ2OQ9*WqdZ.-fF)+;0Yd;GAY&i&HLg:%AU!LA84!KUi+\bgjV75.Oj~> endstream endobj 492 0 obj <</BitsPerComponent 8/ColorSpace
83 0 R/Filter[/ASCII85Decode/FlateDecode]/Height 63/Length 1288/Width 105>>stream
8;Y8d4dm9D%+Td99aZB\bAN2#"]-pRWi8=qU]IK#^t4Dp=gDS]1BY7Y=J'!*4d)D.
r'T+j,eDZ9T@'s`!,*2<(SL9lB1]@8Hk7nYraE9=_es<$=q:Y07jD2,oe>OhLN451
$]:F0;+-[]r@E6O_G/,g,0C\K=)'hnJgBH_oKJ-UkDZ[@UYHM["*qu8a7MHCZ7eO$
@_h:g9S_V_m%FORJ9^Ps])]l@bj:#E&W>=To(*WKYVX@IW$C\gTQm[CncmeYi@U;j
I'0&olOJp(0)@"OKscl#PhrQY:tZ/>eK&uDZ"rsK\kPA`GudE)/6hAZ+Vc<=%&JfO
nc\%\*+UbPqjSL"j!`3L@tmO_Z>]FP^&7T&kP,X$>)ou7#9))f&3DnOP!]mGkF#lC
f`hJj$W%F!LM2o@gR:=]W6VDm2USome("M+SNml72C$NkMG>F$(pbdf^F^@^#8@60
"^M!4*K;2@1KH6U#2hGn$FI?X<[?$qW%4]hOC<ZZ/U3PqD)D`7;#DeTW1Top_2Pa(
'd*lgKZXACDdGB1IjIi;T?l*@]&bMD<>jg8BsW[FJSV=K=7*e"p;L]G'keO.6aP@t
\R<GLS2O#D^lBV=ZKpJtkVMfFlpMMVJ"GCT@na9/eQOB+K?UDEBB:%B?SIGbm9K@Y
EXq4!LgOObRS$21e=uZ_[F(SWPV:%WO^"FESl*gT]aXsKL]rI3/fFlS(&7Es\gdMo
jEbPc*8M0lC?M"b1CQNb2`Yh!-+APrF'*WOI2?;@hEE_^6f5ZT3V,^.NUN^OU>^6W
#\sFWQ5B@3>Y<NEFIr/B".YRTh[sZW)\d1*.n.5)Duk:bDXKO1.OdN.H\c_.:ij>)
;RppK_<J@hoGkEIg3W:)B@O[=CM\P<ZZ$W?1n1Nt3Vg4M,U,Mkq_^d,a-Z8;:drq5
QhdkqCWbpIcKoS[=#NZ^W1.0Gg%*^\`j8ChN>49KDETV/`\LU`bGQoS-UtlE@e[Mb
OtZF?OWE&+Anlk<>9cf4r-/.&1jIRg=s*KArD0?rZ1mGX3VL\lm!VI,lFEs4]/TY4
V)BXuR6FKGC&3ZAU&IW0T;E:e:i8eSg[EnUG0,%n>V@MofC,nGPdcJq=[h`>R.Ynh
*UcMHS!=)tQ"6NKZM2$dQE9'XnZ[lj8IH=$M=>'3,GK+u62(#8F[DWiVkab3d=`b1
$1Y5\GRg(!-cZ+c1rYPB<*1?!VBJGEeZE?G4iXO3kg_H\117)S3XJHgQDK2sVDu0T 4YI73_U<kt(c#2%9,167BRftB!.N6Yo)~> endstream endobj
493 0 obj <</BitsPerComponent 8/ColorSpace 83 0 R/Filter[/ASCII85Decode/FlateDecode]/Height 63/Length 1710/Width
105>>stream 8;XELZ#\k_&Dd8Bg_d"'=2'.i4de#O9qm\>-.nWjS1<n`P+!$l:asIBn]Wk'2j0X$
N/+pR$h6;]!!EUY!$uoLSYZW*gtfGXZ*5XM..6S;D_[JF$JI,r)/-:)hb%)LXUg$l
>5pjJ<_<k(dFKb#mYQj8*7`/ud>uDCPg\D%fk"/)b53pK['he8APr>fmN>C/^/3E_
0Ve27/U$MP4crpqO2?O8[H`)GlG3K*@a@37C$S9CNH(^boV]XO5^QI?N&T1iS75@k
6pGbHZ'3<lmGERIW5F8fUAI:3VfY\gqKuR3F^,I(F?.]sg6h)tN2P0Qh=!YM%Q.B8
ersHTH;l9XEUjkiAgJ0fEe%G0AtcVr"LKPT3\(35ahW-XmY:fQ5ARMtJmAh/"n^+N
1%X9N8"a[M6DeQdO/fg9*[O'89=^8WgIj@=%kE<8*>BWe**:ig,45e^'L97p!*Vc;
9?*uJqiS]'!D5EpUobC0qQ&;Uf`7(;FX)$lbe#5*^;$C,^<GbA<6[)QTa^k02.Jef
pI@4>M!*i#p@>WNSE\g(0;fUb+&/4V!1gYYa1=&&9HMXhkR[D%8RamrS6]Gp&^f+k
h;=>9%LCpPH"3lQ?!YeO29u2i?Mnk)]g!@i.!%tG#\,FG-&ZhD3KY@=_CX>a$Lo-H
JeqR0L9l*p\*9MT+ZZY`UXTGKiYd<;bi:5EFi[OhW_ur81j)MP.l`4nKZ.H3>qb^$
mq@f[hTRT11VKR!miOnbg$Eo@RGC[Pc]^h?Ql2OD!U?NtB4T#-=ksbNk5RDa>VG-S
"ip&K390T;rZ8D9@]*i`N5YV%Y/Q'aAV>I[2O3d_qVG]UZ$Ar6;4J:Ta^uFf12gWX
n0H[.5uJ>p)25$T8N+[m,MAr-U>OboQW!+KZR;c3<1Q4>P#[k?qQ\*s1+=\-YGuj^
;8,'pOS%j-9%t.sED8u02L+lQM%i&KLR"0;-Ll!F^+KP+=7jM^.6s@N8$<q.ofn]C
SM['<-S4,02/.G$a*UDeNVWJ?E(sW(AQ&pgg#o['dBBBODhIg/)>5dUD_4T'99+73
_<[hUm56IW;er'+M<sNo'WJ>2?l`4=Of;kTjCTFNR+a&>VGPW8NJNZDn%4[>'2R&4
gsr5LdEU=4GkWui&7oQX3sGJsZ9q<@CF[R)8Vf?P_O@NoJW6\=jY/tC)>,CNJh&[f
Hc27\:);X4kHEi79!0!t:D"jA.lWs-Vp?NSiA?`r1%^EOW2Yi8$h6n5m*<X*[Af&S
j*OX[;LTUk@n.Wo\OGTJOhObE9JFKp?#QGtb`3HLBRn0L)eVZH",=[OFEM6V",4k;
K&(+sp7r$^B'd+@&pJ)CSeCC9==2tlOMUS@fR4+#qSFC<daXba*YSMS$4jQ0VV$6A
L.2cGK<IX!M-m.1N"q'7F(P9_LFBQ#>Qu8OB'alA&L"$LP<.JJU>roKG6N:Z?\@)+
Hc$r7B&om0]P>^_I%r">qM`#3o<hV+R/6c3B5/TIh.j\_\pN-_GE5A*bO)'j:YT5o
PrRW@.qhrK:f^3_lh,#-1:m'gBk2!iU#^2*pL:BUm6#,G<]aG%D6^UB$m)5QNTb"s
TY0)/c*c\'F4:1[Vhd_)>2uk+_6\MgGbeU"G/Ib06e&DP(s;Rr9+J6CeS`1N-YYP\
L;VA4Ju'75\moFjZIC)P3?2lP0eWPp*D?9W^lX>jA#[MD(g:bU*roBH)Z9~> endstream endobj 494 0 obj <</Count 13/Kids[495 0 R 496 0
R]/Type/Pages>> endobj 495 0 obj <</Count 5/Kids[962 0 R 1 0 R 6 0 R 23 0 R 30 0 R]/Parent 494 0 R/Type/Pages>> endobj
496 0 obj <</Count 8/Kids[38 0 R 41 0 R 46 0 R 49 0 R 52 0 R 57 0 R 63 0 R 66 0 R]/Parent 494 0 R/Type/Pages>> endobj
<x:xmpmeta xmlns:x="adobe:ns:meta/" x:xmptk="Adobe XMP Core 9.1-c002 79.a6a6396, 2024/03/12-07:48:23 "> <rdf:RDF
xmlns:rdf="http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#"> <rdf:Description rdf:about=""
xmlns:dc="http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/" xmlns:xmp="http://ns.adobe.com/xap/1.0/"
xmlns:xmpMM="http://ns.adobe.com/xap/1.0/mm/" xmlns:stEvt="http://ns.adobe.com/xap/1.0/sType/ResourceEvent#"
xmlns:stRef="http://ns.adobe.com/xap/1.0/sType/ResourceRef#" xmlns:pdf="http://ns.adobe.com/pdf/1.3/">
<dc:format>application/pdf</dc:format> <dc:title> <rdf:Alt> <rdf:li xml:lang="x-default">Tell Your Story
Pathfinder</rdf:li> </rdf:Alt> </dc:title> <dc:creator> <rdf:Seq> <rdf:li>Reach Higher</rdf:li> </rdf:Seq>
</dc:creator> <dc:description> <rdf:Alt> <rdf:li xml:lang="x-default">The Pathfinder is a map that you can follow to
</rdf:Alt> </dc:description> <xmp:CreateDate>2024-07-12T11:01:37-04:00</xmp:CreateDate>
<xmp:MetadataDate>2024-07-12T11:01:40-04:00</xmp:MetadataDate>
<xmp:ModifyDate>2024-07-12T11:01:40-04:00</xmp:ModifyDate> <xmp:CreatorTool>Adobe InDesign 19.4
(Macintosh)</xmp:CreatorTool> <xmpMM:InstanceID>uuid:2fc98bb3-0229-b049-8b2b-b0caecd8161f</xmpMM:InstanceID>
<xmpMM:OriginalDocumentID>xmp.did:f574689b-f225-446b-997b-d8f7404dce77</xmpMM:OriginalDocumentID>
<xmpMM:DocumentID>xmp.id:6d0add98-ee01-458f-bb17-483aeb029392</xmpMM:DocumentID>
<xmpMM:RenditionClass>proof:pdf</xmpMM:RenditionClass> <xmpMM:History> <rdf:Seq> <rdf:li rdf:parseType="Resource">
<stEvt:action>converted</stEvt:action> <stEvt:parameters>from application/x-indesign to
application/pdf</stEvt:parameters> <stEvt:softwareAgent>Adobe InDesign 19.4 (Macintosh)</stEvt:softwareAgent>
<stEvt:changed>/</stEvt:changed> <stEvt:when>2024-07-12T11:01:37-04:00</stEvt:when> </rdf:li> </rdf:Seq>
</xmpMM:History> <xmpMM:DerivedFrom rdf:parseType="Resource">
<stRef:instanceID>xmp.iid:b9a9567b-a63e-467f-a1d2-ba4730fa57ee</stRef:instanceID>
<stRef:documentID>xmp.did:f574689b-f225-446b-997b-d8f7404dce77</stRef:documentID>
<stRef:originalDocumentID>xmp.did:f574689b-f225-446b-997b-d8f7404dce77</stRef:originalDocumentID>
<stRef:renditionClass>default</stRef:renditionClass> </xmpMM:DerivedFrom> <pdf:Producer>Adobe PDF Library
17.0</pdf:Producer> <pdf:Trapped>False</pdf:Trapped> </rdf:Description> </rdf:RDF> </x:xmpmeta> <?xpacket end="r"?>
endstream endobj 498 0 obj <</Author(Reach Higher)/CreationDate(D:20240712110137-04'00')/Creator(Adobe InDesign 19.4
\(Macintosh\))/ModDate(D:20240712110140-04'00')/Producer(Adobe PDF Library 17.0)/Subject(The Pathfinder is a map that
of you.)/Title(Tell Your Story Pathfinder)/Trapped/False>> endobj xref 0 960 0000000000 65535 f 0000225839 00000 n
0000227482 00000 n 0000228677 00000 n 0000301051 00000 n 0000505500 00000 n 0000505557 00000 n 0000514243 00000 n
0000526644 00000 n 0000527006 00000 n 0000527154 00000 n 0000527532 00000 n 0000527688 00000 n 0000528092 00000 n
0000528242 00000 n 0000528542 00000 n 0000528692 00000 n 0000528984 00000 n 0000529140 00000 n 0000529465 00000 n
0000529615 00000 n 0000530031 00000 n 0000530302 00000 n 0000530360 00000 n 0000532367 00000 n 0000532393 00000 n
0000534272 00000 n 0000534412 00000 n 0000550914 00000 n 0000764912 00000 n 0000764970 00000 n 0000769252 00000 n
0000769278 00000 n 0000776507 00000 n 0000776650 00000 n 0000776789 00000 n 0000795186 00000 n 0000836312 00000 n
0000836370 00000 n 0000838714 00000 n 0000841468 00000 n 0000841526 00000 n 0000844712 00000 n 0000846723 00000 n
0000869085 00000 n 0001124736 00000 n 0001124794 00000 n 0001129080 00000 n 0001132328 00000 n 0001132386 00000 n
0001134997 00000 n 0001137554 00000 n 0001137612 00000 n 0001140115 00000 n 0001141815 00000 n 0001159545 00000 n
0001437342 00000 n 0001437400 00000 n 0001440857 00000 n 0001440883 00000 n 0001443456 00000 n 0001477241 00000 n
0001579289 00000 n 0001579347 00000 n 0001581035 00000 n 0001583951 00000 n 0001584009 00000 n 0001587451 00000 n
0001587509 00000 n 0001595224 00000 n 0001595275 00000 n 0001604009 00000 n 0001604046 00000 n 0001605826 00000 n
0001611987 00000 n 0001614555 00000 n 0001618983 00000 n 0001649707 00000 n 0001766986 00000 n 0001770042 00000 n
0001775626 00000 n 0001787028 00000 n 0001787311 00000 n 0001787369 00000 n 0001787417 00000 n 0001787930 00000 n
0001788004 00000 n 0001788356 00000 n 0001788787 00000 n 0001789167 00000 n 0001789241 00000 n 0001789595 00000 n
0001789669 00000 n 0001789743 00000 n 0001789817 00000 n 0001790181 00000 n 0001790255 00000 n 0001790602 00000 n
0001790977 00000 n 0001791339 00000 n 0001791413 00000 n 0001791794 00000 n 0001791869 00000 n 0001791944 00000 n
0001792019 00000 n 0001792444 00000 n 0001792519 00000 n 0001792896 00000 n 0001793264 00000 n 0001793659 00000 n
0001793734 00000 n 0001794112 00000 n 0001794187 00000 n 0001794262 00000 n 0001794337 00000 n 0001794700 00000 n
0001794775 00000 n 0001795144 00000 n 0001795608 00000 n 0001795972 00000 n 0001796047 00000 n 0001796446 00000 n
0001796521 00000 n 0001796596 00000 n 0001796671 00000 n 0001797053 00000 n 0001797128 00000 n 0001797510 00000 n
0001797893 00000 n 0001798316 00000 n 0001798391 00000 n 0001798889 00000 n 0001798964 00000 n 0001799039 00000 n
0001799114 00000 n 0001799496 00000 n 0001799571 00000 n 0001799935 00000 n 0001800281 00000 n 0001800658 00000 n
0001800733 00000 n 0001801256 00000 n 0001801331 00000 n 0001801406 00000 n 0001801481 00000 n 0001801861 00000 n
0001801936 00000 n 0001802280 00000 n 0001802657 00000 n 0001803034 00000 n 0001803109 00000 n 0001803487 00000 n
0001803562 00000 n 0001803637 00000 n 0001803712 00000 n 0001804051 00000 n 0001804126 00000 n 0001804502 00000 n
0001804876 00000 n 0001805255 00000 n 0001805330 00000 n 0001805717 00000 n 0001805792 00000 n 0001805867 00000 n
0001805942 00000 n 0001806317 00000 n 0001806392 00000 n 0001806784 00000 n 0001807174 00000 n 0001807547 00000 n
0001807622 00000 n 0001807990 00000 n 0001808065 00000 n 0001808140 00000 n 0001808215 00000 n 0001808579 00000 n
0001808654 00000 n 0001809002 00000 n 0001809378 00000 n 0001809753 00000 n 0001809828 00000 n 0001810194 00000 n
0001810269 00000 n 0001810344 00000 n 0001810419 00000 n 0001810787 00000 n 0001810862 00000 n 0001811206 00000 n
0001811601 00000 n 0001811968 00000 n 0001812043 00000 n 0001812411 00000 n 0001812486 00000 n 0001812561 00000 n
0001812636 00000 n 0001813017 00000 n 0001813365 00000 n 0001813440 00000 n 0001813810 00000 n 0001814203 00000 n
0001814278 00000 n 0001814353 00000 n 0001814986 00000 n 0001815349 00000 n 0001815424 00000 n 0001816365 00000 n
0001816440 00000 n 0001816515 00000 n 0001816919 00000 n 0001817540 00000 n 0001817615 00000 n 0001817996 00000 n
0001818071 00000 n 0001818961 00000 n 0001819700 00000 n 0001819775 00000 n 0001820142 00000 n 0001820555 00000 n
0001820906 00000 n 0001820981 00000 n 0001821056 00000 n 0001821131 00000 n 0001821512 00000 n 0001821587 00000 n
0001821962 00000 n 0001822365 00000 n 0001822727 00000 n 0001823063 00000 n 0001823138 00000 n 0001823480 00000 n
0001823555 00000 n 0001823630 00000 n 0001823995 00000 n 0001824408 00000 n 0001827252 00000 n 0001827625 00000 n
0001827700 00000 n 0001828119 00000 n 0001828194 00000 n 0001828269 00000 n 0001828344 00000 n 0001828728 00000 n
0001828803 00000 n 0001829205 00000 n 0001829565 00000 n 0001830002 00000 n 0001830077 00000 n 0001832945 00000 n
0001833020 00000 n 0001833095 00000 n 0001833170 00000 n 0001833591 00000 n 0001833666 00000 n 0001834035 00000 n
0001834409 00000 n 0001834764 00000 n 0001834839 00000 n 0001835247 00000 n 0001835322 00000 n 0001835397 00000 n
0001835472 00000 n 0001835827 00000 n 0001835902 00000 n 0001836298 00000 n 0001836654 00000 n 0001837033 00000 n
0001837108 00000 n 0001837463 00000 n 0001837538 00000 n 0001837613 00000 n 0001837688 00000 n 0001838074 00000 n
0001838149 00000 n 0001838558 00000 n 0001838966 00000 n 0001839336 00000 n 0001839411 00000 n 0001839908 00000 n
0001839983 00000 n 0001840058 00000 n 0001840133 00000 n 0001840513 00000 n 0001840588 00000 n 0001841000 00000 n
0001841406 00000 n 0001841786 00000 n 0001841861 00000 n 0001842210 00000 n 0001842285 00000 n 0001842360 00000 n
0001842711 00000 n 0001842786 00000 n 0001842861 00000 n 0001842936 00000 n 0001843011 00000 n 0001843386 00000 n
0001843461 00000 n 0001843838 00000 n 0001844214 00000 n 0001844581 00000 n 0001844656 00000 n 0001845020 00000 n
0001845095 00000 n 0001845170 00000 n 0001845245 00000 n 0001845611 00000 n 0001845686 00000 n 0001846063 00000 n
0001846436 00000 n 0001846852 00000 n 0001846927 00000 n 0001847302 00000 n 0001847377 00000 n 0001847452 00000 n
0001847527 00000 n 0001847903 00000 n 0001847978 00000 n 0001848356 00000 n 0001848723 00000 n 0001849100 00000 n
0001849175 00000 n 0001849552 00000 n 0001849627 00000 n 0001849702 00000 n 0001849777 00000 n 0001850168 00000 n
0001850243 00000 n 0001850618 00000 n 0001850996 00000 n 0001851371 00000 n 0001851446 00000 n 0001851812 00000 n
0001851887 00000 n 0001851962 00000 n 0001852037 00000 n 0001852472 00000 n 0001852547 00000 n 0001852951 00000 n
0001853325 00000 n 0001853701 00000 n 0001853776 00000 n 0001854153 00000 n 0001854228 00000 n 0001854303 00000 n
0001854378 00000 n 0001854753 00000 n 0001854828 00000 n 0001855203 00000 n 0001855570 00000 n 0001855935 00000 n
0001856010 00000 n 0001856407 00000 n 0001856482 00000 n 0001856557 00000 n 0001856632 00000 n 0001856998 00000 n
0001857073 00000 n 0001857449 00000 n 0001857817 00000 n 0001858193 00000 n 0001858268 00000 n 0001858610 00000 n
0001858685 00000 n 0001858760 00000 n 0001858835 00000 n 0001859190 00000 n 0001859265 00000 n 0001859639 00000 n
0001860016 00000 n 0001860394 00000 n 0001860469 00000 n 0001860849 00000 n 0001860924 00000 n 0001860999 00000 n
0001861074 00000 n 0001861439 00000 n 0001861514 00000 n 0001861879 00000 n 0001862244 00000 n 0001862649 00000 n
0001862724 00000 n 0001863034 00000 n 0001863109 00000 n 0001863233 00000 n 0001863379 00000 n 0001863454 00000 n
0001863575 00000 n 0001863713 00000 n 0001863834 00000 n 0001864252 00000 n 0001864373 00000 n 0001864768 00000 n
0001980255 00000 n 0001980303 00000 n 0001980711 00000 n 0001983928 00000 n 0001984068 00000 n 0001984482 00000 n
0001989242 00000 n 0001989650 00000 n 0001990022 00000 n 0001990097 00000 n 0001990172 00000 n 0001990507 00000 n
0001990582 00000 n 0001990657 00000 n 0001990732 00000 n 0001990807 00000 n 0001991176 00000 n 0001991251 00000 n
0001991749 00000 n 0001992130 00000 n 0001992205 00000 n 0001992673 00000 n 0001993050 00000 n 0001993125 00000 n
0001993460 00000 n 0001993835 00000 n 0001993910 00000 n 0001993985 00000 n 0001994361 00000 n 0001994436 00000 n
0001994511 00000 n 0001994586 00000 n 0001994661 00000 n 0001995079 00000 n 0001995466 00000 n 0001995541 00000 n
0001995914 00000 n 0001995989 00000 n 0001996369 00000 n 0001996996 00000 n 0001997253 00000 n 0002003434 00000 n
0002003461 00000 n 0002003734 00000 n 0002003837 00000 n 0002004377 00000 n 0002004404 00000 n 0002004474 00000 n
0002004972 00000 n 0002005360 00000 n 0002005497 00000 n 0002005567 00000 n 0002005838 00000 n 0002005939 00000 n
0002010767 00000 n 0002011026 00000 n 0002011331 00000 n 0002014603 00000 n 0002014974 00000 n 0002021161 00000 n
0002021282 00000 n 0002021552 00000 n 0002022092 00000 n 0002022213 00000 n 0002022773 00000 n 0002022911 00000 n
0002023057 00000 n 0002023178 00000 n 0002023206 00000 n 0002023484 00000 n 0002023581 00000 n 0002023722 00000 n
0002024006 00000 n 0002024350 00000 n 0002028431 00000 n 0002028807 00000 n 0002028834 00000 n 0002028904 00000 n
0002033227 00000 n 0002033663 00000 n 0002035421 00000 n 0002039392 00000 n 0002039733 00000 n 0002039778 00000 n
0002039822 00000 n 0002042958 00000 n 0002045431 00000 n 0002047561 00000 n 0002048963 00000 n 0002051076 00000 n
0002053205 00000 n 0002055045 00000 n 0002056470 00000 n 0002058699 00000 n 0002060364 00000 n 0002061808 00000 n
0002064353 00000 n 0002065824 00000 n 0002067252 00000 n 0002069975 00000 n 0002071628 00000 n 0002073060 00000 n
0002074914 00000 n 0002074978 00000 n 0002075074 00000 n 0002075192 00000 n 0002078363 00000 n 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f trailer <</Size
960/ID[<BC6B258A545549E485913C6224316DAD><A86182FC5C724A379CBE20733279EE88>]>> startxref 116 %%EOF 999 0 obj
<</DecodeParms<</Columns 5/Predictor 12>>/Filter/FlateDecode/Index[525 1 527 1 529 1 585 1 931 3 940 1 999 3]/Length
0 R/ArtBox[0.0 0.0 1080.0 648.0]/BleedBox[0.0 0.0 1080.0 648.0]/Contents 998 0 R/CropBox[0.0 0.0 1080.0 648.0]/Group 82
0 R/LastModified(D:20240712110344-04'00')/MediaBox[0.0 0.0 1080.0 648.0]/Parent 496 0
mUIDToLocationDataMap<</0[653.0 13.0 3.0 496.0 278.0 537.76 316.16 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 516.88 297.08]/1[3396.0 0.0 2.0
-504.0 -304.0 202.0 -228.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -236.0 -266.0]/10[6071.0 27.0 4.0 -508.029 47.0072 -460.928 100.527 0.25 0.0
0.0 0.25 -508.029 47.0072]/11[6075.0 20.0 0.0 -508.029 47.0072 -460.928 100.527 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -484.478
73.7672]/12[6077.0 23.0 4.0 -510.628 -4.44058 -463.528 49.1395 0.25 0.0 0.0 0.25 -510.628 -4.44058]/13[6081.0 18.0 0.0
-537.992 -18.5116 -459.628 59.9884 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -443.792 88.6487]/14[6458.0 3.0 0.0 -516.029 103.098 -282.194
252.492 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -363.267 186.795]/15[6465.0 11.0 4.0 -540.0 228.0 540.0 228.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
228.0]/16[6466.0 12.0 4.0 -540.0 202.0 540.0 202.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 202.0]/17[7059.0 17.0 4.0 -512.0 -69.5201 -459.0
-16.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -512.0 -16.0]/18[7707.0 6.0 4.0 -247.08 166.103 -92.0 228.0 0.532867 0.0 0.0 0.541306 -247.08
166.103]/19[7711.0 5.0 0.0 -247.08 166.103 -92.0 228.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -216.544 216.427]/2[3421.0 2.0 2.0 -504.0 -56.0
64.0 206.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -262.0 164.5]/20[7714.0 15.0 4.0 46.8907 -166.387 528.391 261.613 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 46.8907
261.613]/21[7715.0 19.0 0.0 46.8907 -166.387 528.391 261.613 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 292.891 29.1129]/22[7716.0 25.0 4.0
74.0403 -275.781 562.151 289.653 1.14258 0.0 0.0 1.0872 74.0403 -275.781]/23[7720.0 14.0 4.0 -537.992 -18.5116 -459.628
59.9884 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -537.992 59.9884]/24[7721.0 16.0 4.0 -508.029 47.0072 -460.928 100.527 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -508.029
100.527]/25[7830.0 4.0 4.0 -516.029 103.098 -282.194 252.492 0.360855 0.0 0.0 0.360855 -516.029 103.098]/3[3965.0 1.0
2.0 -504.0 -196.0 22.5 -87.5 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -169.32 -162.96]/4[6013.0 7.0 4.0 -540.0 -174.606 540.0 -174.606 1.0 0.0
0.0 1.0 0.0 -174.606]/5[6014.0 8.0 4.0 -540.0 -150.606 540.0 -150.606 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 -150.606]/6[6015.0 9.0 4.0
-540.0 -116.071 540.0 -116.071 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 -116.071]/7[6016.0 10.0 4.0 -540.0 -92.071 540.0 -92.071 1.0 0.0 0.0
1.0 0.0 -92.071]/8[6065.0 29.0 4.0 -512.0 -69.5201 -455.552 -5.22398 0.300003 0.0 0.0 0.300003 -512.0
-69.5201]/9[6069.0 21.0 0.0 -512.0 -69.5201 -459.0 -16.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -417.92
37.6401]>>/PageTransformationMatrixList<</0[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -540.0 -324.0]>>/PageUIDList<</0 253>>/PageWidthList<</0
1080.0>>>>>>/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R/CS1 474 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 964 0 R/GS1 963 0 R>>/Font<</C2_0 441 0
R/C2_1 395 0 R/TT0 393 0 R/TT1 449 0 R>>/ProcSet[/PDF/Text/ImageC/ImageI]/Properties<</MC0 71 0 R>>/XObject<</Fm0 388 0
R/Fm1 380 0 R/Fm2 228 0 R/Im0 73 0 R/Im1 75 0 R/Im2 79 0 R/Im3 77 0 R/Im4 81 0 R>>>>/Rotate 0/StructParents
15/Tabs/S/Thumb 493 0 R/TrimBox[0.0 0.0 1080.0 648.0]/Type/Page>> endobj 86 0 obj <</BBox[1036.52 596.463 1056.85
584.23]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 89 0 R/Length 126/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
998.462 556.789]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 85 0 R/Length 205/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
1008.54 549.524]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 91 0 R/Length 157/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
130/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 964 0
588.189]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 92 0 R/Length 139/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
611.8 947.735 596.343]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 99 0 R/Length 123/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
endobj 97 0 obj <</BBox[923.646 600.431 946.225 587.629]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 95 0 R/Length 149/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0
<</BBox[349.434 568.267 368.951 556.789]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 101 0 R/Length 137/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
endstream endobj 100 0 obj <</BBox[384.286 578.835 406.825 565.197]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 103 0 R/Length
154/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 964 0
obj <</BBox[389.585 633.639 411.373 621.517]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 102 0 R/Length 197/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
576.962]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 109 0 R/Length 147/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
endobj 107 0 obj <</BBox[1028.15 620.68 1049.97 608.426]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 105 0 R/Length 141/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0
609.438 589.307 597.087]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 111 0 R/Length 167/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
611.77]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 113 0 R/Length 152/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
<</BBox[525.73 620.68 546.308 608.315]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 112 0 R/Length 137/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
638.314]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 119 0 R/Length 140/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
585.207 16.0977 560.015]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 115 0 R/Length 235/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
618.129]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 121 0 R/Length 136/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
640.146 1074.97 624.505]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 123 0 R/Length 171/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
572.932]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 122 0 R/Length 155/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
endstream endobj 126 0 obj <</BBox[1063.03 598.881 1087.1 587.463]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 129 0 R/Length
155/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 964 0
578.654 1057.55 562.435]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 125 0 R/Length 156/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
endobj 128 0 obj <</BBox[1032.55 622.289 1058.35 601.989]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 131 0 R/Length 195/Matrix[1.0 0.0
1078.0 642.346]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 133 0 R/Length 274/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
134 0 obj <</BBox[1060.0 595.104 1087.85 583.97]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 132 0 R/Length 158/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
577.773]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 139 0 R/Length 137/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
38.6651 545.95]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 135 0 R/Length 119/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
endobj 138 0 obj <</BBox[999.583 576.889 1018.85 566.542]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 141 0 R/Length 150/Matrix[1.0 0.0
613.289]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 143 0 R/Length 296/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
569.089]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 142 0 R/Length 152/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
<</BBox[1039.44 581.159 1058.41 571.217]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 149 0 R/Length 117/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
endobj 147 0 obj <</BBox[1040.41 580.217 1059.62 570.046]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 145 0 R/Length 149/Matrix[1.0 0.0
622.054]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 151 0 R/Length 149/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
<</BBox[618.359 551.176 637.498 540.491]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 153 0 R/Length 150/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
113/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 964 0
541.45]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 159 0 R/Length 149/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
<</BBox[991.068 554.601 1010.5 544.553]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 155 0 R/Length 147/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
0 obj <</BBox[932.831 554.223 953.031 543.006]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 161 0 R/Length 152/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
R/Length 159/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 964 0
556.017 20.1068 545.33]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 162 0 R/Length 148/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
166/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 964 0
<</BBox[-4.41132 560.219 13.8295 550.963]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 165 0 R/Length 162/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
171 0 R/Length 147/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 964 0
1018.26 553.611]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 173 0 R/Length 140/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
endstream endobj 174 0 obj <</BBox[-5.16705 563.443 13.0732 554.188]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 172 0 R/Length
136/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 964 0
553.685]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 179 0 R/Length 119/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
565.898 905.771 555.83]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 175 0 R/Length 149/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
556.869]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 181 0 R/Length 149/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
endobj 180 0 obj <</BBox[-2.13824 566.676 16.1022 557.418]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 183 0 R/Length 137/Matrix[1.0 0.0
endstream endobj 184 0 obj <</BBox[25.1339 566.676 43.3734 557.418]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 182 0 R/Length
140/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 964 0
557.048]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 189 0 R/Length 118/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
619.73]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 185 0 R/Length 168/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
endobj 188 0 obj <</BBox[466.778 567.483 485.018 558.226]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 291 0 R/Length 140/Matrix[1.0 0.0
R/Length 140/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 964 0
539.84]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 222 0 R/Length 155/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
195 0 obj <</BBox[1049.33 635.201 1068.81 623.907]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 426 0 R/Length 120/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0
endobj 197 0 obj <</BBox[-7.36414 561.021 12.8859 543.874]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 205 0 R/Length 141/Matrix[1.0 0.0
1037.96 627.067]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 192 0 R/Length 168/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
408/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 964 0
565.659]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 423 0 R/Length 136/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
120.48 588.271]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 196 0 R/Length 717/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
630.475]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 199 0 R/Length 178/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
endstream endobj 208 0 obj <</BBox[31.1385 606.85 59.8759 582.615]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 214 0 R/Length
395/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 964 0
641.711 24.2707 630.178]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 211 0 R/Length 153/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
R/Length 664/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 964 0
<</BBox[628.963 586.095 693.932 539.034]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 237 0 R/Length 512/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
<</BBox[33.4655 636.096 51.7057 626.837]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 420 0 R/Length 139/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
<</BBox[93.3166 588.392 116.694 575.351]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 428 0 R/Length 188/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
606.833]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 219 0 R/Length 123/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
584.209]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 220 0 R/Length 153/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
obj <</BBox[-2.27113 564.25 18.9771 553.376]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 209 0 R/Length 149/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
562.057]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 218 0 R/Length 176/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
endstream endobj 225 0 obj <</BBox[60.7965 602.916 81.1697 591.479]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 417 0 R/Length
133/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 964 0
604.418]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 230 0 R/Length 108/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 102/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 964 0 R/GS1 382 0 R>>/XObject<</Fm0 233 0 R>>>>/Subtype/Form>>stream
231 0 obj <</BBox[499.35 618.333 517.591 609.078]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 235 0 R/Length 136/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0
endstream endobj 232 0 obj <</BBox[1062.94 629.86 1081.1 620.137]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 421 0 R/Length
188/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 964 0
endobj 233 0 obj <</BBox[-15.3641 666.5 1097.36 539.034]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 384 0 R/Length 441/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0
1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ExtGState<</GS0 382 0 R>>/XObject<</Fm0 378 0 R/Fm1 377 0 R/Fm10 376 0 R/Fm100 370 0 R/Fm101
374 0 R/Fm102 368 0 R/Fm103 367 0 R/Fm104 366 0 R/Fm105 360 0 R/Fm106 364 0 R/Fm107 358 0 R/Fm108 357 0 R/Fm109 356 0
R/Fm11 350 0 R/Fm110 354 0 R/Fm111 348 0 R/Fm112 347 0 R/Fm113 346 0 R/Fm114 340 0 R/Fm115 344 0 R/Fm116 338 0 R/Fm117
337 0 R/Fm118 336 0 R/Fm119 330 0 R/Fm12 334 0 R/Fm120 328 0 R/Fm121 327 0 R/Fm122 326 0 R/Fm123 320 0 R/Fm124 324 0
R/Fm125 318 0 R/Fm126 317 0 R/Fm127 316 0 R/Fm128 310 0 R/Fm129 314 0 R/Fm13 308 0 R/Fm130 307 0 R/Fm131 306 0 R/Fm132
300 0 R/Fm133 304 0 R/Fm134 298 0 R/Fm135 297 0 R/Fm136 296 0 R/Fm137 190 0 R/Fm138 294 0 R/Fm139 188 0 R/Fm14 187 0
R/Fm140 186 0 R/Fm141 180 0 R/Fm142 184 0 R/Fm143 178 0 R/Fm144 177 0 R/Fm145 176 0 R/Fm146 170 0 R/Fm147 174 0 R/Fm148
168 0 R/Fm149 167 0 R/Fm15 166 0 R/Fm150 160 0 R/Fm151 164 0 R/Fm152 158 0 R/Fm153 157 0 R/Fm154 156 0 R/Fm155 150 0
R/Fm156 154 0 R/Fm157 148 0 R/Fm158 147 0 R/Fm159 146 0 R/Fm16 140 0 R/Fm160 144 0 R/Fm161 138 0 R/Fm162 137 0 R/Fm17
136 0 R/Fm18 130 0 R/Fm19 134 0 R/Fm2 128 0 R/Fm20 127 0 R/Fm21 126 0 R/Fm22 120 0 R/Fm23 124 0 R/Fm24 118 0 R/Fm25 117
0 R/Fm26 116 0 R/Fm27 110 0 R/Fm28 114 0 R/Fm29 108 0 R/Fm3 107 0 R/Fm30 106 0 R/Fm31 100 0 R/Fm32 104 0 R/Fm33 98 0
R/Fm34 97 0 R/Fm35 96 0 R/Fm36 90 0 R/Fm37 94 0 R/Fm38 88 0 R/Fm39 87 0 R/Fm4 86 0 R/Fm40 286 0 R/Fm41 289 0 R/Fm42 284
0 R/Fm43 283 0 R/Fm44 282 0 R/Fm45 276 0 R/Fm46 280 0 R/Fm47 274 0 R/Fm48 273 0 R/Fm49 272 0 R/Fm5 266 0 R/Fm50 270 0
R/Fm51 264 0 R/Fm52 263 0 R/Fm53 262 0 R/Fm54 256 0 R/Fm55 260 0 R/Fm56 254 0 R/Fm57 253 0 R/Fm58 252 0 R/Fm59 246 0
R/Fm6 250 0 R/Fm60 244 0 R/Fm61 243 0 R/Fm62 242 0 R/Fm63 236 0 R/Fm64 240 0 R/Fm65 213 0 R/Fm66 413 0 R/Fm67 407 0
R/Fm68 402 0 R/Fm69 409 0 R/Fm7 398 0 R/Fm70 410 0 R/Fm71 399 0 R/Fm72 412 0 R/Fm73 201 0 R/Fm74 424 0 R/Fm75 210 0
R/Fm76 223 0 R/Fm77 208 0 R/Fm78 212 0 R/Fm79 197 0 R/Fm8 207 0 R/Fm80 194 0 R/Fm81 217 0 R/Fm82 216 0 R/Fm83 225 0
R/Fm84 204 0 R/Fm85 224 0 R/Fm86 221 0 R/Fm87 198 0 R/Fm88 215 0 R/Fm89 195 0 R/Fm9 202 0 R/Fm90 416 0 R/Fm91 419 0
R/Fm92 415 0 R/Fm93 232 0 R/Fm94 427 0 R/Fm95 234 0 R/Fm96 231 0 R/Fm97 226 0 R/Fm98 425 0 R/Fm99 429 0
609.933]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 403 0 R/Length 144/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
<</BBox[706.99 580.379 733.967 552.748]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 239 0 R/Length 193/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
553.555]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 238 0 R/Length 156/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
<</BBox[709.263 560.794 733.346 544.973]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 245 0 R/Length 175/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
539.034]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 241 0 R/Length 133/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
723.475 539.034]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 247 0 R/Length 210/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
1089.36 539.034]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 249 0 R/Length 2642/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
<</BBox[1059.25 622.289 1081.79 606.927]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 248 0 R/Length 194/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
539.034]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 255 0 R/Length 142/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
554.673 1028.15 542.874]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 251 0 R/Length 147/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
endstream endobj 254 0 obj <</BBox[1011.52 550.451 1031.83 539.034]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 257 0 R/Length
128/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 964 0
543.066]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 259 0 R/Length 182/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
<</BBox[1009.25 559.331 1029.52 547.084]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 258 0 R/Length 126/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
endstream endobj 262 0 obj <</BBox[997.885 553.681 1019.02 540.543]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 265 0 R/Length
168/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 964 0
<</BBox[1008.49 550.451 1028.04 539.034]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 261 0 R/Length 128/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
endstream endobj 264 0 obj <</BBox[1002.43 559.859 1023.46 548.973]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 267 0 R/Length
152/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 964 0
<</BBox[1031.97 608.632 1053.76 597.15]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 269 0 R/Length 127/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
obj <</BBox[1069.09 607.837 1089.36 596.636]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 268 0 R/Length 159/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
182/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 964 0
578.474]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 271 0 R/Length 182/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
_:s endstream endobj 274 0 obj <</BBox[1065.31 605.248 1089.36 592.301]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 277 0 R/Length
143/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 964 0
<</BBox[1005.75 572.176 1028.94 556.61]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 279 0 R/Length 271/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
622.977]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 278 0 R/Length 153/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
0 obj <</BBox[875.745 581.981 903.77 561.781]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 285 0 R/Length 189/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
906.8 585.62]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 281 0 R/Length 183/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0
endstream endobj 284 0 obj <</BBox[836.6 621.517 858.427 601.181]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 287 0 R/Length
155/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 964 0
541.451]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 290 0 R/Length 122/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
endobj 289 0 obj <</BBox[992.577 562.555 1012.99 550.331]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 288 0 R/Length 123/Matrix[1.0 0.0
endstream endobj 294 0 obj <</BBox[6.27069 568.325 25.7035 558.279]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 292 0 R/Length
148/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 964 0
559.89]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 299 0 R/Length 151/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
<</BBox[998.642 570.743 1018.64 560.671]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 295 0 R/Length 149/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
<</BBox[351.631 569.902 369.871 560.648]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 301 0 R/Length 139/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
endobj 300 0 obj <</BBox[13.0129 571.515 31.2527 562.258]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 303 0 R/Length 135/Matrix[1.0 0.0
endstream endobj 304 0 obj <</BBox[0.134827 569.902 18.3762 560.648]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 302 0 R/Length
135/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 964 0
573.973 1071.86 563.929]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 309 0 R/Length 150/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
endstream endobj 307 0 obj <</BBox[1049.4 573.97 1069.4 563.901]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 305 0 R/Length 149/Matrix[1.0
<</BBox[1059.86 614.292 1082.18 602.793]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 311 0 R/Length 188/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 964 0 R>>>>/Subtype/Form>>stream
<</BBox[419.129 579.621 438.56 569.576]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 313 0 R/Length 150/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
564.737]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 312 0 R/Length 149/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
obj <</BBox[1003.19 581.237 1022.62 571.194]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 319 0 R/Length 150/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
R/Length 140/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 964 0
endstream endobj 318 0 obj <</BBox[1033.49 585.274 1052.92 575.227]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 321 0 R/Length
149/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 964 0
320 0 obj <</BBox[1013.03 586.082 1032.46 576.033]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 323 0 R/Length 150/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0
163/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 964 0
586.929 1068.54 576.242]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 329 0 R/Length 147/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
endstream endobj 327 0 obj <</BBox[1027.43 586.887 1047.43 576.815]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 325 0 R/Length
150/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 964 0
1060.2 582.699]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 331 0 R/Length 149/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
139/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 964 0
645.579]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 332 0 R/Length 210/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
585.383]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 339 0 R/Length 177/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
148/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 964 0
endobj 338 0 obj <</BBox[1011.52 599.729 1031.18 588.908]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 341 0 R/Length 149/Matrix[1.0 0.0
343 0 R/Length 149/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 964 0
<</BBox[1065.0 600.663 1085.58 590.581]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 342 0 R/Length 150/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
endstream endobj 346 0 obj <</BBox[1036.81 602.602 1056.09 592.238]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 349 0 R/Length
147/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 964 0
596.164]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 345 0 R/Length 140/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
endobj 348 0 obj <</BBox[79.6767 605.422 97.9163 596.164]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 351 0 R/Length 138/Matrix[1.0 0.0
<</BBox[1040.3 625.562 1061.37 612.283]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 353 0 R/Length 170/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
596.164]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 352 0 R/Length 137/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
607.064 1014.85 596.997]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 359 0 R/Length 147/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
140/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 964 0
597.084]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 361 0 R/Length 149/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
R/Length 115/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 964 0
608.556 1084.93 597.559]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 362 0 R/Length 128/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
endstream endobj 366 0 obj <</BBox[150.961 608.683 170.392 598.635]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 369 0 R/Length
147/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 964 0
0 obj <</BBox[800.169 610.1 819.308 599.412]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 365 0 R/Length 152/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
602.675]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 371 0 R/Length 150/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
<</BBox[1066.06 613.526 1085.49 603.481]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 373 0 R/Length 152/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
0 R/Length 140/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 964 0
590.672]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 379 0 R/Length 137/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
<</BBox[1010.0 574.669 1033.31 562.675]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 375 0 R/Length 139/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
178/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 964 0
1080.0 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 82/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 161/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 392 0
<</BBox[1045.61 611.037 1067.52 600.3]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 400 0 R/Length 182/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
<</BBox[207.017 617.446 241.684 600.407]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 406 0 R/Length 145/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
R/Length 111/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 964 0
600.498]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 411 0 R/Length 141/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
651.616 208.352 613.534]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 404 0 R/Length 271/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
581.715]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 408 0 R/Length 153/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
412 0 obj <</BBox[3.99982 555.846 37.9075 539.034]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 405 0 R/Length 241/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0
0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 964 0 R>>>>/Subtype/Form>>stream
endstream endobj 413 0 obj <</BBox[831.963 560.953 853.77 548.918]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 414 0 R/Length
152/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 964 0
1080.49 617.873]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 418 0 R/Length 109/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
632.898 68.8828 622.853]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 203 0 R/Length 151/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
endstream endobj 419 0 obj <</BBox[1053.94 632.898 1073.38 622.853]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 200 0 R/Length
150/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 964 0
<</BBox[27.4815 625.519 53.8151 609.365]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 193 0 R/Length 190/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
1059.87 607.191]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 229 0 R/Length 161/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
618.036]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 422 0 R/Length 145/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 965 0
<</BBox[1025.15 613.526 1044.59 603.481]/Filter/FlateDecode/Group 227 0 R/Length 152/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
9.1-c001 79.675d0f7, 2023/06/11-19:21:16 "> <rdf:RDF xmlns:rdf="http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#">
<rdf:Description rdf:about="" xmlns:dc="http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/" xmlns:xmp="http://ns.adobe.com/xap/1.0/"
xmlns:xmpMM="http://ns.adobe.com/xap/1.0/mm/" xmlns:stEvt="http://ns.adobe.com/xap/1.0/sType/ResourceEvent#"
xmlns:stRef="http://ns.adobe.com/xap/1.0/sType/ResourceRef#" xmlns:pdf="http://ns.adobe.com/pdf/1.3/">
<dc:format>application/pdf</dc:format> <dc:title> <rdf:Alt> <rdf:li xml:lang="x-default">Tell Your Story
Pathfinder</rdf:li> </rdf:Alt> </dc:title> <dc:creator> <rdf:Seq> <rdf:li>Reach Higher</rdf:li> </rdf:Seq>
</dc:creator> <dc:description> <rdf:Alt> <rdf:li xml:lang="x-default">The Pathfinder is a map that you can follow to
</rdf:Alt> </dc:description> <xmp:CreateDate>2024-07-12T11:01:37-04:00</xmp:CreateDate>
<xmp:MetadataDate>2024-07-12T11:03:51-04:00</xmp:MetadataDate>
<xmp:ModifyDate>2024-07-12T11:03:51-04:00</xmp:ModifyDate> <xmp:CreatorTool>Adobe InDesign 19.4
(Macintosh)</xmp:CreatorTool> <xmpMM:InstanceID>uuid:8d30118e-44ad-1e44-b7ff-328ba8995789</xmpMM:InstanceID>
<xmpMM:OriginalDocumentID>xmp.did:f574689b-f225-446b-997b-d8f7404dce77</xmpMM:OriginalDocumentID>
<xmpMM:DocumentID>xmp.id:6d0add98-ee01-458f-bb17-483aeb029392</xmpMM:DocumentID>
<xmpMM:RenditionClass>proof:pdf</xmpMM:RenditionClass> <xmpMM:History> <rdf:Seq> <rdf:li rdf:parseType="Resource">
<stEvt:action>converted</stEvt:action> <stEvt:parameters>from application/x-indesign to
application/pdf</stEvt:parameters> <stEvt:softwareAgent>Adobe InDesign 19.4 (Macintosh)</stEvt:softwareAgent>
<stEvt:changed>/</stEvt:changed> <stEvt:when>2024-07-12T11:01:37-04:00</stEvt:when> </rdf:li> </rdf:Seq>
</xmpMM:History> <xmpMM:DerivedFrom rdf:parseType="Resource">
<stRef:instanceID>xmp.iid:b9a9567b-a63e-467f-a1d2-ba4730fa57ee</stRef:instanceID>
<stRef:documentID>xmp.did:f574689b-f225-446b-997b-d8f7404dce77</stRef:documentID>
<stRef:originalDocumentID>xmp.did:f574689b-f225-446b-997b-d8f7404dce77</stRef:originalDocumentID>
<stRef:renditionClass>default</stRef:renditionClass> </xmpMM:DerivedFrom> <pdf:Producer>Adobe PDF Library
17.0</pdf:Producer> <pdf:Trapped>False</pdf:Trapped> </rdf:Description> </rdf:RDF> </x:xmpmeta> <?xpacket end="w"?>
endstream endobj 498 0 obj <</Author(Reach Higher)/CreationDate(D:20240712110137-04'00')/Creator(Adobe InDesign 19.4
\(Macintosh\))/ModDate(D:20240712110351-04'00')/Producer(Adobe PDF Library 17.0)/Subject(The Pathfinder is a map that
of you.)/Title(Tell Your Story Pathfinder)/Trapped/False>> endobj 998 0 obj <</Filter/FlateDecode/Length 7626>>stream
0002099348 00000 n 86 3 0002102613 00000 n 0002102970 00000 n 0002103407 00000 n 90 1 0002103795 00000 n 94 1
0002104156 00000 n 96 3 0002104527 00000 n 0002104880 00000 n 0002105261 00000 n 100 1 0002105631 00000 n 104 1
0002106019 00000 n 106 3 0002106450 00000 n 0002106831 00000 n 0002107205 00000 n 110 1 0002107606 00000 n 114 1
0002107990 00000 n 116 3 0002108359 00000 n 0002108734 00000 n 0002109204 00000 n 120 1 0002109574 00000 n 124 1
0002109979 00000 n 126 3 0002110368 00000 n 0002110756 00000 n 0002111145 00000 n 130 1 0002111574 00000 n 134 1
0002112080 00000 n 136 3 0002112470 00000 n 0002112841 00000 n 0002113193 00000 n 140 1 0002113577 00000 n 144 1
0002114107 00000 n 146 3 0002114493 00000 n 0002114844 00000 n 0002115227 00000 n 150 1 0002115610 00000 n 154 1
0002115994 00000 n 156 3 0002116341 00000 n 0002116723 00000 n 0002117103 00000 n 160 1 0002117489 00000 n 164 1
0002117882 00000 n 166 3 0002118264 00000 n 0002118663 00000 n 0002119060 00000 n 170 1 0002119440 00000 n 174 1
0002119814 00000 n 176 3 0002120185 00000 n 0002120538 00000 n 0002120919 00000 n 180 1 0002121302 00000 n 184 1
0002121674 00000 n 186 3 0002122048 00000 n 0002122400 00000 n 0002122801 00000 n 190 1 0002123175 00000 n 194 2
0002123550 00000 n 0002123938 00000 n 197 2 0002124292 00000 n 0002124668 00000 n 201 2 0002125069 00000 n 0002125709
00000 n 204 1 0002126079 00000 n 207 2 0002127028 00000 n 0002127440 00000 n 210 1 0002128068 00000 n 212 2 0002128455
00000 n 0002129353 00000 n 215 3 0002130099 00000 n 0002130472 00000 n 0002130894 00000 n 221 1 0002131251 00000 n 223
4 0002131638 00000 n 0002132021 00000 n 0002132431 00000 n 0002132798 00000 n 228 1 0002133139 00000 n 231 4 0002133486
00000 n 0002133855 00000 n 0002134275 00000 n 0002137098 00000 n 236 1 0002137476 00000 n 240 1 0002137902 00000 n 242
3 0002138292 00000 n 0002138701 00000 n 0002139068 00000 n 246 1 0002139512 00000 n 250 1 0002142389 00000 n 252 3
0002142817 00000 n 0002143193 00000 n 0002143574 00000 n 256 1 0002143936 00000 n 260 1 0002144351 00000 n 262 3
0002144711 00000 n 0002145113 00000 n 0002145475 00000 n 266 1 0002145861 00000 n 270 1 0002146221 00000 n 272 3
0002146614 00000 n 0002147030 00000 n 0002147445 00000 n 276 1 0002147822 00000 n 280 1 0002148326 00000 n 282 3
0002148713 00000 n 0002149135 00000 n 0002149548 00000 n 286 1 0002149935 00000 n 289 1 0002150290 00000 n 294 1
0002150647 00000 n 296 3 0002151029 00000 n 0002151413 00000 n 0002151796 00000 n 300 1 0002152169 00000 n 304 1
0002152538 00000 n 306 3 0002152908 00000 n 0002153292 00000 n 0002153672 00000 n 310 1 0002154094 00000 n 314 1
0002154477 00000 n 316 3 0002154860 00000 n 0002155244 00000 n 0002155618 00000 n 320 1 0002156001 00000 n 324 1
0002156385 00000 n 326 3 0002156782 00000 n 0002157162 00000 n 0002157546 00000 n 330 1 0002157928 00000 n 334 1
0002158301 00000 n 336 3 0002158744 00000 n 0002159155 00000 n 0002159536 00000 n 340 1 0002159919 00000 n 344 1
0002160302 00000 n 346 3 0002160685 00000 n 0002161066 00000 n 0002161439 00000 n 350 1 0002161811 00000 n 354 1
0002162214 00000 n 356 3 0002162585 00000 n 0002162966 00000 n 0002163340 00000 n 360 1 0002163722 00000 n 364 1
0002164071 00000 n 366 3 0002164433 00000 n 0002164814 00000 n 0002165198 00000 n 370 1 0002165582 00000 n 374 1
0002165968 00000 n 376 3 0002166341 00000 n 0002166712 00000 n 0002167084 00000 n 380 1 0002167495 00000 n 388 1
0002167809 00000 n 398 2 0002168231 00000 n 0002168645 00000 n 402 1 0002169024 00000 n 407 1 0002169367 00000 n 409 2
0002169742 00000 n 0002170246 00000 n 412 2 0002170633 00000 n 0002171108 00000 n 415 2 0002171493 00000 n 0002171836
00000 n 419 1 0002172221 00000 n 424 2 0002172605 00000 n 0002173029 00000 n 427 1 0002173423 00000 n 429 1 0002173802
00000 n 497 2 0002174188 00000 n 0002179407 00000 n 525 1 0000000000 65535 f 527 1 0000000000 65535 f 529 1 0000000000
65535 f 585 1 0000000000 65535 f 931 3 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 940 1 0000000000 65535
f 998 4 0002179810 00000 n 0002098094 00000 n 0002098534 00000 n 0002099121 00000 n trailer <</Size 1002/Root 961 0
R/Info 498 0 R/ID[<BC6B258A545549E485913C6224316DAD><891C9042551C4F03BABB518A76B3EA99>]/Prev 116>> xref 0 1 0000000000
65535 f trailer <</Size 1002/Root 961 0 R/Info 498 0
R/ID[<BC6B258A545549E485913C6224316DAD><891C9042551C4F03BABB518A76B3EA99>]/Prev 2187507/XRefStm 2099121>> startxref
endobj 1008 0 obj <</DecodeParms<</Columns 4/Predictor 12>>/Filter/FlateDecode/Index[958 1 1007 2]/Length 26/Size
xmlns:x="adobe:ns:meta/" x:xmptk="Adobe XMP Core 9.1-c001 79.675d0f7, 2023/06/11-19:21:16 "> <rdf:RDF
xmlns:rdf="http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#"> <rdf:Description rdf:about=""
xmlns:dc="http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/" xmlns:xmp="http://ns.adobe.com/xap/1.0/"
xmlns:xmpMM="http://ns.adobe.com/xap/1.0/mm/" xmlns:stEvt="http://ns.adobe.com/xap/1.0/sType/ResourceEvent#"
xmlns:stRef="http://ns.adobe.com/xap/1.0/sType/ResourceRef#" xmlns:pdf="http://ns.adobe.com/pdf/1.3/">
<dc:format>application/pdf</dc:format> <dc:title> <rdf:Alt> <rdf:li xml:lang="x-default">Tell Your Story
Pathfinder</rdf:li> </rdf:Alt> </dc:title> <dc:creator> <rdf:Seq> <rdf:li>Reach Higher</rdf:li> </rdf:Seq>
</dc:creator> <dc:description> <rdf:Alt> <rdf:li xml:lang="x-default">The Pathfinder is a map that you can follow to
</rdf:Alt> </dc:description> <xmp:CreateDate>2024-07-12T11:01:37-04:00</xmp:CreateDate>
<xmp:MetadataDate>2024-07-12T11:12:04-04:00</xmp:MetadataDate>
<xmp:ModifyDate>2024-07-12T11:12:04-04:00</xmp:ModifyDate> <xmp:CreatorTool>Adobe InDesign 19.4
(Macintosh)</xmp:CreatorTool> <xmpMM:InstanceID>uuid:49749f70-95f5-8344-bbaa-b58d866a3d99</xmpMM:InstanceID>
<xmpMM:OriginalDocumentID>xmp.did:f574689b-f225-446b-997b-d8f7404dce77</xmpMM:OriginalDocumentID>
<xmpMM:DocumentID>xmp.id:6d0add98-ee01-458f-bb17-483aeb029392</xmpMM:DocumentID>
<xmpMM:RenditionClass>proof:pdf</xmpMM:RenditionClass> <xmpMM:History> <rdf:Seq> <rdf:li rdf:parseType="Resource">
<stEvt:action>converted</stEvt:action> <stEvt:parameters>from application/x-indesign to
application/pdf</stEvt:parameters> <stEvt:softwareAgent>Adobe InDesign 19.4 (Macintosh)</stEvt:softwareAgent>
<stEvt:changed>/</stEvt:changed> <stEvt:when>2024-07-12T11:01:37-04:00</stEvt:when> </rdf:li> </rdf:Seq>
</xmpMM:History> <xmpMM:DerivedFrom rdf:parseType="Resource">
<stRef:instanceID>xmp.iid:b9a9567b-a63e-467f-a1d2-ba4730fa57ee</stRef:instanceID>
<stRef:documentID>xmp.did:f574689b-f225-446b-997b-d8f7404dce77</stRef:documentID>
<stRef:originalDocumentID>xmp.did:f574689b-f225-446b-997b-d8f7404dce77</stRef:originalDocumentID>
<stRef:renditionClass>default</stRef:renditionClass> </xmpMM:DerivedFrom> <pdf:Producer>Adobe PDF Library
17.0</pdf:Producer> <pdf:Trapped>False</pdf:Trapped> </rdf:Description> </rdf:RDF> </x:xmpmeta> <?xpacket end="w"?>
endstream endobj 498 0 obj <</Author(Reach Higher)/CreationDate(D:20240712110137-04'00')/Creator(Adobe InDesign 19.4
\(Macintosh\))/ModDate(D:20240712111204-04'00')/Producer(Adobe PDF Library 17.0)/Subject(The Pathfinder is a map that
of you.)/Title(Tell Your Story Pathfinder)/Trapped/False>> endobj 961 0 obj <</AcroForm 1002 0
R/Lang(en-US)/MarkInfo<</Marked true>>/Metadata 497 0 R/Outlines 475 0 R/Pages 494 0 R/StructTreeRoot 499 0
R/Type/Catalog/ViewerPreferences<</Direction/L2R/DisplayDocTitle true>>>> endobj 1002 0 obj <</DA(/Helv 0 Tf 0 g
)/DR<</Encoding<</PDFDocEncoding 1006 0 R>>/Font<</Helv 1004 0 R/ZaDb 1005 0 R>>>>/Fields[]>> endobj 1003 0 obj
<</JS(app.launchURL\("https://affecttheverb.com/disabledandhere/", true\);)/S/JavaScript>> endobj 1004 0 obj
<</BaseFont/Helvetica/Encoding 1006 0 R/Name/Helv/Subtype/Type1/Type/Font>> endobj 1005 0 obj
<</BaseFont/ZapfDingbats/Name/ZaDb/Subtype/Type1/Type/Font>> endobj 1006 0 obj
<</Differences[24/breve/caron/circumflex/dotaccent/hungarumlaut/ogonek/ring/tilde 39/quotesingle 96/grave
128/bullet/dagger/daggerdbl/ellipsis/emdash/endash/florin/fraction/guilsinglleft/guilsinglright/minus/perthousand/quoted
blbase/quotedblleft/quotedblright/quoteleft/quoteright/quotesinglbase/trademark/fi/fl/Lslash/OE/Scaron/Ydieresis/Zcaron/
dotlessi/lslash/oe/scaron/zcaron 160/Euro 164/currency 166/brokenbar 168/dieresis/copyright/ordfeminine
172/logicalnot/.notdef/registered/macron/degree/plusminus/twosuperior/threesuperior/acute/mu
183/periodcentered/cedilla/onesuperior/ordmasculine 188/onequarter/onehalf/threequarters
192/Agrave/Aacute/Acircumflex/Atilde/Adieresis/Aring/AE/Ccedilla/Egrave/Eacute/Ecircumflex/Edieresis/Igrave/Iacute/Icirc
umflex/Idieresis/Eth/Ntilde/Ograve/Oacute/Ocircumflex/Otilde/Odieresis/multiply/Oslash/Ugrave/Uacute/Ucircumflex/Udieres
is/Yacute/Thorn/germandbls/agrave/aacute/acircumflex/atilde/adieresis/aring/ae/ccedilla/egrave/eacute/ecircumflex/ediere
sis/igrave/iacute/icircumflex/idieresis/eth/ntilde/ograve/oacute/ocircumflex/otilde/odieresis/divide/oslash/ugrave/uacut
e/ucircumflex/udieresis/yacute/thorn/ydieresis]/Type/Encoding>> endobj xref 0 1 0000000000 65535 f 497 2 0002192680
00000 n 0002197899 00000 n 958 1 0000000000 65535 f 961 1 0002198302 00000 n 1002 7 0002198520 00000 n 0002198653 00000
n 0002198762 00000 n 0002198856 00000 n 0002198935 00000 n 0002192266 00000 n 0002192496 00000 n trailer <</Size
1009/Root 961 0 R/Info 498 0 R/ID[<BC6B258A545549E485913C6224316DAD><582F4B4B865D492FADD296E53B2F7D9D>]/Prev 2192060>>
xref 0 1 0000000000 65535 f trailer <</Size 1009/Root 961 0 R/Info 498 0
R/ID[<BC6B258A545549E485913C6224316DAD><582F4B4B865D492FADD296E53B2F7D9D>]/Prev 2200129/XRefStm 2192496>> startxref
2200544 %%EOF
Title: 
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/static/d4e9393e0a9a2f17000d77c4c22e1e4d/FY_RecProcess_CAReady_2022.10.26.pdf 
n 0000004763 00000 n 0000004906 00000 n 0000005046 00000 n 0000005159 00000 n 0000006589 00000 n 0000007668 00000 n
0000007695 00000 n 0000008165 00000 n 0000008200 00000 n 0000008311 00000 n 0000008407 00000 n 0000008833 00000 n
0000009307 00000 n 0000009873 00000 n 0000009961 00000 n 0000010531 00000 n 0000010904 00000 n 0000011004 00000 n
0000011147 00000 n 0000011242 00000 n 0000012816 00000 n 0000014274 00000 n 0000015405 00000 n 0000016638 00000 n
0000017768 00000 n 0000018760 00000 n 0000018879 00000 n 0000021527 00000 n 0000021647 00000 n 0000021766 00000 n
0000021876 00000 n 0000025644 00000 n 0000028434 00000 n 0000061655 00000 n 0000001379 00000 n 0000001096 00000 n
trailer <<0B37EE607D6446A4816FE60A957EA8CB>]/Prev 107052/XRefStm 1379>> startxref 0 %%EOF 92 0 obj <>stream
54 0 obj <>/Metadata 9 0 R/OpenAction 55 0 R/Outlines 6 0 R/PageLayout/SinglePage/Pages 8 0 R/StructTreeRoot 11 0
R/Type/Catalog/ViewerPreferences<>>> endobj 55 0 obj <> endobj 56 0 obj </LastModified/NumberOfPageItemsInPage
23/NumberofPages
1/OriginalDocumentID/PageItemUIDToLocationDataMap<>/PageTransformationMatrixList<>/PageUIDList<>/PageWidthList<>>>>>/Res
ources<>/ExtGState<>/Font<>/Pattern<>/ProcSet[/PDF/Text]/Properties<>/Shading<>>>/Rotate 0/StructParents 0/TrimBox[0.0
endobj 89 0 obj <>stream application/postscript Print Gaby Brink 2019-04-15T22:09:10-07:00 2019-04-15T22:09:10-07:00
2019-04-15T22:09:10-07:00 Adobe Illustrator CC 22.0 (Macintosh) xmp.iid:748eb9ba-88e2-4710-b64c-aacdfa58c3d9
xmp.did:748eb9ba-88e2-4710-b64c-aacdfa58c3d9 uuid:5D20892493BFDB11914A8590D31508C8 proof:pdf
xmp.iid:e243af5b-1d84-4171-8a29-c1832417ce51 xmp.did:e243af5b-1d84-4171-8a29-c1832417ce51
uuid:5D20892493BFDB11914A8590D31508C8 proof:pdf saved xmp.iid:7b2c22e5-0d12-4ec6-828b-42c63f277985
2019-02-25T18:17:38-08:00 Adobe Illustrator CC 22.0 (Macintosh) / saved xmp.iid:f3fc36b1-44ae-4ba9-b7b6-8d9700643b98
2019-02-26T09:35:44-08:00 Adobe Illustrator CC 22.0 (Macintosh) / converted from application/postscript to
application/vnd.adobe.illustrator saved xmp.iid:1c48f2e7-3780-43dc-99bb-cb60450a0b51 2019-03-22T15:34:35-07:00 Adobe
Illustrator CC 22.0 (Macintosh) / converted from application/postscript to application/vnd.adobe.illustrator converted
from application/postscript to application/vnd.adobe.illustrator converted from application/postscript to
application/vnd.adobe.illustrator converted from application/postscript to application/vnd.adobe.illustrator saved
xmp.iid:36c0a0bc-9cd5-4938-99bc-e60c55b22970 2019-04-15T22:07:40-07:00 Adobe Illustrator CC 22.0 (Macintosh) / saved
xmp.iid:748eb9ba-88e2-4710-b64c-aacdfa58c3d9 2019-04-15T22:09:10-07:00 Adobe Illustrator CC 22.0 (Macintosh) / Print
False False 1 792.000000 612.000000 Points Cyan Magenta Yellow Black Default Swatch Group 0 White RGB PROCESS 255 255
255 Black RGB PROCESS 35 31 32 CMYK Red RGB PROCESS 236 28 36 CMYK Yellow RGB PROCESS 255 241 0 CMYK Green RGB PROCESS
0 165 81 CMYK Cyan RGB PROCESS 0 173 238 CMYK Blue RGB PROCESS 46 49 145 CMYK Magenta RGB PROCESS 235 0 139 C=15 M=100
Y=90 K=10 RGB PROCESS 190 30 45 C=0 M=90 Y=85 K=0 RGB PROCESS 238 64 54 C=0 M=80 Y=95 K=0 RGB PROCESS 240 90 40 C=0
M=50 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 246 146 30 C=0 M=35 Y=85 K=0 RGB PROCESS 250 175 64 C=5 M=0 Y=90 K=0 RGB PROCESS 249 236 49
C=20 M=0 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 214 222 35 C=50 M=0 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 139 197 63 C=75 M=0 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 55
179 74 C=85 M=10 Y=100 K=10 RGB PROCESS 0 147 69 C=90 M=30 Y=95 K=30 RGB PROCESS 0 104 56 C=75 M=0 Y=75 K=0 RGB PROCESS
41 180 115 C=80 M=10 Y=45 K=0 RGB PROCESS 0 166 156 C=70 M=15 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 37 169 224 C=85 M=50 Y=0 K=0 RGB
PROCESS 27 117 187 C=100 M=95 Y=5 K=0 RGB PROCESS 43 56 143 C=100 M=100 Y=25 K=25 RGB PROCESS 38 34 97 C=75 M=100 Y=0
K=0 RGB PROCESS 101 45 144 C=50 M=100 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 144 39 142 C=35 M=100 Y=35 K=10 RGB PROCESS 158 31 99 C=10
M=100 Y=50 K=0 RGB PROCESS 217 28 92 C=0 M=95 Y=20 K=0 RGB PROCESS 236 41 123 C=25 M=25 Y=40 K=0 RGB PROCESS 193 180
154 C=40 M=45 Y=50 K=5 RGB PROCESS 154 132 121 C=50 M=50 Y=60 K=25 RGB PROCESS 113 101 88 C=55 M=60 Y=65 K=40 RGB
PROCESS 90 74 66 C=25 M=40 Y=65 K=0 RGB PROCESS 195 153 107 C=30 M=50 Y=75 K=10 RGB PROCESS 168 124 79 C=35 M=60 Y=80
K=25 RGB PROCESS 138 93 59 C=40 M=65 Y=90 K=35 RGB PROCESS 117 76 40 C=40 M=70 Y=100 K=50 RGB PROCESS 96 56 19 C=50
M=70 Y=80 K=70 RGB PROCESS 59 35 20 Grays 1 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=100 RGB PROCESS 35 31 32 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=90 RGB PROCESS 64 64
65 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=80 RGB PROCESS 88 89 91 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=70 RGB PROCESS 109 110 112 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=60 RGB PROCESS 128 129
132 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=50 RGB PROCESS 146 148 151 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=40 RGB PROCESS 166 168 171 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=30 RGB PROCESS 187
189 191 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=20 RGB PROCESS 208 210 211 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=10 RGB PROCESS 230 231 232 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=5 RGB PROCESS
241 241 242 Brights 1 C=0 M=100 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 236 28 36 C=0 M=75 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 241 101 34 C=0 M=10 Y=95
K=0 RGB PROCESS 255 221 21 C=85 M=10 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 0 161 75 C=100 M=90 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 34 64 153 C=60 M=90
Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 127 63 151 Adobe PDF library 10.01 endstream endobj 90 0 obj <> endobj 1 0 obj
</LastModified/NumberOfPageItemsInPage 8/NumberofPages
1/OriginalDocumentID/PageItemUIDToLocationDataMap<>/PageTransformationMatrixList<>/PageUIDList<>/PageWidthList<>>>>>/Res
ources<>/ExtGState<>/Font<>/Pattern<>/ProcSet[/PDF/Text]/Properties<>/Shading<>>>/Rotate 0/StructParents 1/TrimBox[0.0
application/postscript Print Gaby Brink 2019-04-15T22:09:10-07:00 2019-04-15T22:09:10-07:00 2019-04-15T22:09:10-07:00
Adobe Illustrator CC 22.0 (Macintosh) xmp.iid:748eb9ba-88e2-4710-b64c-aacdfa58c3d9
xmp.did:748eb9ba-88e2-4710-b64c-aacdfa58c3d9 uuid:5D20892493BFDB11914A8590D31508C8 proof:pdf
xmp.iid:e243af5b-1d84-4171-8a29-c1832417ce51 xmp.did:e243af5b-1d84-4171-8a29-c1832417ce51
uuid:5D20892493BFDB11914A8590D31508C8 proof:pdf saved xmp.iid:7b2c22e5-0d12-4ec6-828b-42c63f277985
2019-02-25T18:17:38-08:00 Adobe Illustrator CC 22.0 (Macintosh) / saved xmp.iid:f3fc36b1-44ae-4ba9-b7b6-8d9700643b98
2019-02-26T09:35:44-08:00 Adobe Illustrator CC 22.0 (Macintosh) / converted from application/postscript to
application/vnd.adobe.illustrator saved xmp.iid:1c48f2e7-3780-43dc-99bb-cb60450a0b51 2019-03-22T15:34:35-07:00 Adobe
Illustrator CC 22.0 (Macintosh) / converted from application/postscript to application/vnd.adobe.illustrator converted
from application/postscript to application/vnd.adobe.illustrator converted from application/postscript to
application/vnd.adobe.illustrator converted from application/postscript to application/vnd.adobe.illustrator saved
xmp.iid:36c0a0bc-9cd5-4938-99bc-e60c55b22970 2019-04-15T22:07:40-07:00 Adobe Illustrator CC 22.0 (Macintosh) / saved
xmp.iid:748eb9ba-88e2-4710-b64c-aacdfa58c3d9 2019-04-15T22:09:10-07:00 Adobe Illustrator CC 22.0 (Macintosh) / Print
False False 1 792.000000 612.000000 Points Cyan Magenta Yellow Black Default Swatch Group 0 White RGB PROCESS 255 255
255 Black RGB PROCESS 35 31 32 CMYK Red RGB PROCESS 236 28 36 CMYK Yellow RGB PROCESS 255 241 0 CMYK Green RGB PROCESS
0 165 81 CMYK Cyan RGB PROCESS 0 173 238 CMYK Blue RGB PROCESS 46 49 145 CMYK Magenta RGB PROCESS 235 0 139 C=15 M=100
Y=90 K=10 RGB PROCESS 190 30 45 C=0 M=90 Y=85 K=0 RGB PROCESS 238 64 54 C=0 M=80 Y=95 K=0 RGB PROCESS 240 90 40 C=0
M=50 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 246 146 30 C=0 M=35 Y=85 K=0 RGB PROCESS 250 175 64 C=5 M=0 Y=90 K=0 RGB PROCESS 249 236 49
C=20 M=0 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 214 222 35 C=50 M=0 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 139 197 63 C=75 M=0 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 55
179 74 C=85 M=10 Y=100 K=10 RGB PROCESS 0 147 69 C=90 M=30 Y=95 K=30 RGB PROCESS 0 104 56 C=75 M=0 Y=75 K=0 RGB PROCESS
41 180 115 C=80 M=10 Y=45 K=0 RGB PROCESS 0 166 156 C=70 M=15 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 37 169 224 C=85 M=50 Y=0 K=0 RGB
PROCESS 27 117 187 C=100 M=95 Y=5 K=0 RGB PROCESS 43 56 143 C=100 M=100 Y=25 K=25 RGB PROCESS 38 34 97 C=75 M=100 Y=0
K=0 RGB PROCESS 101 45 144 C=50 M=100 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 144 39 142 C=35 M=100 Y=35 K=10 RGB PROCESS 158 31 99 C=10
M=100 Y=50 K=0 RGB PROCESS 217 28 92 C=0 M=95 Y=20 K=0 RGB PROCESS 236 41 123 C=25 M=25 Y=40 K=0 RGB PROCESS 193 180
154 C=40 M=45 Y=50 K=5 RGB PROCESS 154 132 121 C=50 M=50 Y=60 K=25 RGB PROCESS 113 101 88 C=55 M=60 Y=65 K=40 RGB
PROCESS 90 74 66 C=25 M=40 Y=65 K=0 RGB PROCESS 195 153 107 C=30 M=50 Y=75 K=10 RGB PROCESS 168 124 79 C=35 M=60 Y=80
K=25 RGB PROCESS 138 93 59 C=40 M=65 Y=90 K=35 RGB PROCESS 117 76 40 C=40 M=70 Y=100 K=50 RGB PROCESS 96 56 19 C=50
M=70 Y=80 K=70 RGB PROCESS 59 35 20 Grays 1 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=100 RGB PROCESS 35 31 32 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=90 RGB PROCESS 64 64
65 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=80 RGB PROCESS 88 89 91 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=70 RGB PROCESS 109 110 112 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=60 RGB PROCESS 128 129
132 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=50 RGB PROCESS 146 148 151 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=40 RGB PROCESS 166 168 171 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=30 RGB PROCESS 187
189 191 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=20 RGB PROCESS 208 210 211 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=10 RGB PROCESS 230 231 232 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=5 RGB PROCESS
241 241 242 Brights 1 C=0 M=100 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 236 28 36 C=0 M=75 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 241 101 34 C=0 M=10 Y=95
K=0 RGB PROCESS 255 221 21 C=85 M=10 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 0 161 75 C=100 M=90 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 34 64 153 C=60 M=90
Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 127 63 151 Adobe PDF library 10.01 endstream endobj 5 0 obj <> endobj 6 0 obj <> endobj 7 0 obj
2022-10-26T10:29:54-04:00 Adobe InDesign 17.4 (Macintosh) uuid:7e9d49ad-4459-e343-8049-5ecb8f0dc508
xmp.did:92db5277-9d80-48df-91f5-64b1a9203f29 xmp.id:08f698cb-1a20-4ce1-98a1-04502fa1e96e proof:pdf
xmp.iid:8129844f-407b-4159-944f-9a1b169d7d80 xmp.did:5c77d13b-deab-408e-9a8b-0428c337ac65
xmp.did:92db5277-9d80-48df-91f5-64b1a9203f29 default converted from application/x-indesign to application/pdf Adobe
InDesign 17.4 (Macintosh) / 2022-10-26T10:29:53-04:00 True commonapp.org Adobe PDF Library 16.0.7 False endstream
endobj 10 0 obj <> endobj xref 0 53 0000000000 65535 f 0000061692 00000 n 0000063445 00000 n 0000063469 00000 n
0000069138 00000 n 0000102358 00000 n 0000102393 00000 n 0000102435 00000 n 0000103514 00000 n 0000103572 00000 n
0000106801 00000 n 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f trailer <<0B37EE607D6446A4816FE60A957EA8CB>]>> startxref 116 %%EOF 1 0 obj
<>/PageTransformationMatrixList<>/PageUIDList<>/PageWidthList<>>>>>/Resources<>/ExtGState<>/Font<>/Pattern<>/ProcSet[/PD
F/Text]/Properties<>/Shading<>>>/Rotate 0/StructParents 1/Tabs/S/TrimBox[0.0 0.0 612.0 792.0]/Type/Page>> endobj 9 0
2022-10-26T10:29:53-04:00 2022-10-26T10:30:27-04:00 2022-10-26T10:30:27-04:00 Adobe InDesign 17.4 (Macintosh)
uuid:6823de01-930a-d447-b563-c6bacad77e6d xmp.did:92db5277-9d80-48df-91f5-64b1a9203f29
xmp.id:08f698cb-1a20-4ce1-98a1-04502fa1e96e proof:pdf xmp.iid:8129844f-407b-4159-944f-9a1b169d7d80
xmp.did:5c77d13b-deab-408e-9a8b-0428c337ac65 xmp.did:92db5277-9d80-48df-91f5-64b1a9203f29 default converted from
application/x-indesign to application/pdf Adobe InDesign 17.4 (Macintosh) / 2022-10-26T10:29:53-04:00 True
commonapp.org Adobe PDF Library 16.0.7 False endstream endobj 10 0 obj <> endobj 56 0 obj
<>/PageTransformationMatrixList<>/PageUIDList<>/PageWidthList<>>>>>/Resources<>/ExtGState<>/Font<>/Pattern<>/ProcSet[/PD
F/Text]/Properties<>/Shading<>>>/Rotate 0/StructParents 0/Tabs/S/TrimBox[0.0 0.0 612.0 792.0]/Type/Page>> endobj xref 0
2 0000000000 65535 f 0000108238 00000 n 9 2 0000109782 00000 n 0000115059 00000 n 56 1 0000115310 00000 n trailer
<<7B59896E0EF24F448B416D4CE9C59C37>]/Prev 116>> startxref 118044 %%EOF
Title: 
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/static/9707da0b6a8c3ab4a3764a916153562e/FYStriveCAReady.pdf 
n 0000003751 00000 n 0000003776 00000 n 0000004173 00000 n 0000004679 00000 n 0000004714 00000 n 0000005810 00000 n
0000006599 00000 n 0000007446 00000 n 0000008327 00000 n 0000009101 00000 n 0000010234 00000 n 0000011022 00000 n
0000011336 00000 n 0000013984 00000 n 0000014097 00000 n 0000014208 00000 n 0000014292 00000 n 0000016393 00000 n
0000016739 00000 n 0000017155 00000 n 0000017243 00000 n 0000020904 00000 n 0000021384 00000 n 0000021910 00000 n
0000021937 00000 n 0000022342 00000 n 0000022845 00000 n 0000022964 00000 n 0000023059 00000 n 0000023202 00000 n
0000023302 00000 n 0000056523 00000 n 0000056560 00000 n 0000056680 00000 n 0000056799 00000 n 0000056909 00000 n
0000057049 00000 n 0000057192 00000 n 0000001416 00000 n 0000001176 00000 n trailer
R/Outlines 1 0 R/PageLayout/SinglePage/Pages 3 0 R/StructTreeRoot 6 0 R/Type/Catalog/ViewerPreferences<>>> endobj 30 0
obj <> endobj 31 0 obj </LastModified/NumberOfPageItemsInPage 10/NumberofPages
1/OriginalDocumentID/PageItemUIDToLocationDataMap<>/PageTransformationMatrixList<>/PageUIDList<>/PageWidthList<>>>>>/Res
ources<>/ExtGState<>/Font<>/ProcSet[/PDF/Text]/XObject<>>>/Rotate 0/StructParents 0/TrimBox[0.0 0.0 612.0
792.0]/Type/Page>> endobj 32 0 obj [26 0 R] endobj 33 0 obj <> endobj 34 0 obj <> endobj 35 0 obj [/ICCBased 44 0 R]
endstream endobj 45 0 obj <> endobj 46 0 obj <> endobj 47 0 obj <> endobj 48 0 obj <>stream
obj <> endobj 58 0 obj <> endobj 59 0 obj <> endobj 60 0 obj <> endobj 61 0 obj <> endobj 62 0 obj <>stream
application/postscript Print Gaby Brink 2019-04-15T22:09:10-07:00 2019-04-15T22:09:10-07:00 2019-04-15T22:09:10-07:00
Adobe Illustrator CC 22.0 (Macintosh) xmp.iid:748eb9ba-88e2-4710-b64c-aacdfa58c3d9
xmp.did:748eb9ba-88e2-4710-b64c-aacdfa58c3d9 uuid:5D20892493BFDB11914A8590D31508C8 proof:pdf
xmp.iid:e243af5b-1d84-4171-8a29-c1832417ce51 xmp.did:e243af5b-1d84-4171-8a29-c1832417ce51
uuid:5D20892493BFDB11914A8590D31508C8 proof:pdf saved xmp.iid:7b2c22e5-0d12-4ec6-828b-42c63f277985
2019-02-25T18:17:38-08:00 Adobe Illustrator CC 22.0 (Macintosh) / saved xmp.iid:f3fc36b1-44ae-4ba9-b7b6-8d9700643b98
2019-02-26T09:35:44-08:00 Adobe Illustrator CC 22.0 (Macintosh) / converted from application/postscript to
application/vnd.adobe.illustrator saved xmp.iid:1c48f2e7-3780-43dc-99bb-cb60450a0b51 2019-03-22T15:34:35-07:00 Adobe
Illustrator CC 22.0 (Macintosh) / converted from application/postscript to application/vnd.adobe.illustrator converted
from application/postscript to application/vnd.adobe.illustrator converted from application/postscript to
application/vnd.adobe.illustrator converted from application/postscript to application/vnd.adobe.illustrator saved
xmp.iid:36c0a0bc-9cd5-4938-99bc-e60c55b22970 2019-04-15T22:07:40-07:00 Adobe Illustrator CC 22.0 (Macintosh) / saved
xmp.iid:748eb9ba-88e2-4710-b64c-aacdfa58c3d9 2019-04-15T22:09:10-07:00 Adobe Illustrator CC 22.0 (Macintosh) / Print
False False 1 792.000000 612.000000 Points Cyan Magenta Yellow Black Default Swatch Group 0 White RGB PROCESS 255 255
255 Black RGB PROCESS 35 31 32 CMYK Red RGB PROCESS 236 28 36 CMYK Yellow RGB PROCESS 255 241 0 CMYK Green RGB PROCESS
0 165 81 CMYK Cyan RGB PROCESS 0 173 238 CMYK Blue RGB PROCESS 46 49 145 CMYK Magenta RGB PROCESS 235 0 139 C=15 M=100
Y=90 K=10 RGB PROCESS 190 30 45 C=0 M=90 Y=85 K=0 RGB PROCESS 238 64 54 C=0 M=80 Y=95 K=0 RGB PROCESS 240 90 40 C=0
M=50 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 246 146 30 C=0 M=35 Y=85 K=0 RGB PROCESS 250 175 64 C=5 M=0 Y=90 K=0 RGB PROCESS 249 236 49
C=20 M=0 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 214 222 35 C=50 M=0 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 139 197 63 C=75 M=0 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 55
179 74 C=85 M=10 Y=100 K=10 RGB PROCESS 0 147 69 C=90 M=30 Y=95 K=30 RGB PROCESS 0 104 56 C=75 M=0 Y=75 K=0 RGB PROCESS
41 180 115 C=80 M=10 Y=45 K=0 RGB PROCESS 0 166 156 C=70 M=15 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 37 169 224 C=85 M=50 Y=0 K=0 RGB
PROCESS 27 117 187 C=100 M=95 Y=5 K=0 RGB PROCESS 43 56 143 C=100 M=100 Y=25 K=25 RGB PROCESS 38 34 97 C=75 M=100 Y=0
K=0 RGB PROCESS 101 45 144 C=50 M=100 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 144 39 142 C=35 M=100 Y=35 K=10 RGB PROCESS 158 31 99 C=10
M=100 Y=50 K=0 RGB PROCESS 217 28 92 C=0 M=95 Y=20 K=0 RGB PROCESS 236 41 123 C=25 M=25 Y=40 K=0 RGB PROCESS 193 180
154 C=40 M=45 Y=50 K=5 RGB PROCESS 154 132 121 C=50 M=50 Y=60 K=25 RGB PROCESS 113 101 88 C=55 M=60 Y=65 K=40 RGB
PROCESS 90 74 66 C=25 M=40 Y=65 K=0 RGB PROCESS 195 153 107 C=30 M=50 Y=75 K=10 RGB PROCESS 168 124 79 C=35 M=60 Y=80
K=25 RGB PROCESS 138 93 59 C=40 M=65 Y=90 K=35 RGB PROCESS 117 76 40 C=40 M=70 Y=100 K=50 RGB PROCESS 96 56 19 C=50
M=70 Y=80 K=70 RGB PROCESS 59 35 20 Grays 1 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=100 RGB PROCESS 35 31 32 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=90 RGB PROCESS 64 64
65 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=80 RGB PROCESS 88 89 91 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=70 RGB PROCESS 109 110 112 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=60 RGB PROCESS 128 129
132 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=50 RGB PROCESS 146 148 151 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=40 RGB PROCESS 166 168 171 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=30 RGB PROCESS 187
189 191 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=20 RGB PROCESS 208 210 211 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=10 RGB PROCESS 230 231 232 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=5 RGB PROCESS
241 241 242 Brights 1 C=0 M=100 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 236 28 36 C=0 M=75 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 241 101 34 C=0 M=10 Y=95
K=0 RGB PROCESS 255 221 21 C=85 M=10 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 0 161 75 C=100 M=90 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 34 64 153 C=60 M=90
Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 127 63 151 Adobe PDF library 10.01 endstream endobj 63 0 obj <> endobj 64 0 obj <> endobj 65 0 obj
<> endobj 66 0 obj <> endobj 67 0 obj <> endobj 68 0 obj <> endobj 69 0 obj
endstream endobj 3 0 obj <> endobj 4 0 obj <>stream application/pdf Connecting with UStrive mentors | Common App Common
17.3 (Macintosh) uuid:f1dc4cf3-b4ac-2c46-9c5f-83431022d54f xmp.did:92db5277-9d80-48df-91f5-64b1a9203f29
xmp.id:acdb4df1-6a99-414a-9710-fb2a6b1874bd proof:pdf xmp.iid:fd150826-3e7d-4307-a8d2-c9da2df90ad4
xmp.did:3985bb9c-4cbc-4693-9c98-0a043197c986 xmp.did:92db5277-9d80-48df-91f5-64b1a9203f29 default converted from
application/x-indesign to application/pdf Adobe InDesign 17.3 (Macintosh) / 2022-07-29T14:26:59-04:00 True
commonapp.org Adobe PDF Library 16.0.7 False endstream endobj 5 0 obj <> endobj xref 0 28 0000000000 65535 f 0000060247
00000 n 0000060289 00000 n 0000061312 00000 n 0000061364 00000 n 0000064592 00000 n 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535
f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f trailer <<0BA9326410AB4A8A9B7288F455767972>]>> startxref 116 %%EOF 4 0 obj
2022-07-29T14:26:59-04:00 2022-07-29T14:27:26-04:00 2022-07-29T14:27:26-04:00 Adobe InDesign 17.3 (Macintosh)
uuid:441cbf9b-c255-da4e-856a-6e7862df7af6 xmp.did:92db5277-9d80-48df-91f5-64b1a9203f29
xmp.id:acdb4df1-6a99-414a-9710-fb2a6b1874bd proof:pdf xmp.iid:fd150826-3e7d-4307-a8d2-c9da2df90ad4
xmp.did:3985bb9c-4cbc-4693-9c98-0a043197c986 xmp.did:92db5277-9d80-48df-91f5-64b1a9203f29 default converted from
application/x-indesign to application/pdf Adobe InDesign 17.3 (Macintosh) / 2022-07-29T14:26:59-04:00 True
commonapp.org Adobe PDF Library 16.0.7 False endstream endobj 5 0 obj <> endobj 31 0 obj
<>/PageTransformationMatrixList<>/PageUIDList<>/PageWidthList<>>>>>/Resources<>/ExtGState<>/Font<>/ProcSet[/PDF/Text]/XO
bject<>>>/Rotate 0/StructParents 0/Tabs/S/TrimBox[0.0 0.0 612.0 792.0]/Type/Page>> endobj xref 0 1 0000000000 65535 f 4
2 0000065532 00000 n 0000070808 00000 n 31 1 0000071062 00000 n trailer <<28C607E21B93419FAC068F87C3CE163F>]/Prev 116>>
startxref 72749 %%EOF
Title: 
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/static/f080d761cb2bad91cf95710969331ae6/FY_HighSchoolDetails_CAReady_2021.07.pdf 
00000 n 0000002047 00000 n 0000004176 00000 n 0000004610 00000 n 0000005156 00000 n 0000005755 00000 n 0000005869 00000
n 0000005954 00000 n 0000006484 00000 n 0000006864 00000 n 0000007349 00000 n 0000007442 00000 n 0000008265 00000 n
0000008859 00000 n 0000009522 00000 n 0000009550 00000 n 0000010192 00000 n 0000010718 00000 n 0000011476 00000 n
0000012105 00000 n 0000012778 00000 n 0000012985 00000 n 0000016033 00000 n 0000016444 00000 n 0000016952 00000 n
0000017072 00000 n 0000021666 00000 n 0000021810 00000 n 0000021912 00000 n 0000049497 00000 n 0000083734 00000 n
0000083831 00000 n 0000084218 00000 n 0000084315 00000 n 0000084459 00000 n 0000084564 00000 n 0000001493 00000 n
0000001116 00000 n trailer <<9349BA14F241447986574B80F55BA86E>]/Prev 120197/XRefStm 1493>> startxref 0 %%EOF 254 0 obj
R/OpenAction 216 0 R/Outlines 44 0 R/PageLayout/SinglePage/Pages 53 0 R/StructTreeRoot 56 0
R/Type/Catalog/ViewerPreferences<>>> endobj 216 0 obj <> endobj 217 0 obj <>>>/Fields 45 0 R>> endobj 218 0 obj
</LastModified/NumberOfPageItemsInPage 12/NumberofPages
1/OriginalDocumentID/PageItemUIDToLocationDataMap<>/PageTransformationMatrixList<>/PageUIDList<>/PageWidthList<>>>>>/Res
ources<>/ExtGState<>/Font<>/Pattern<>/ProcSet[/PDF/Text]/XObject<>>>/Rotate 0/StructParents 0/Tabs/S/Thumb 51 0
R/TrimBox[0.0 0.0 612.0 792.0]/Type/Page>> endobj 219 0 obj <> endobj 220 0 obj <> endobj 221 0 obj <>stream
<>/ExtGState<>/Font<>/Pattern<>/ProcSet[/PDF/Text/ImageC]/XObject<>>>/Subtype/Form>>stream
247 0 obj <</Bounds[]/Domain[0.0 1.0]/Encode[0.0 1.0]/FunctionType 3/Functions[241 0 R]>> endobj 248 0 obj
<</BitsPerSample 8/Decode[0.0 1.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 1.0]/Domain[0.0 1.0]/Encode[0.0 63.0]/FunctionType 0/Length 192/Order
1/Range[0.0 1.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 1.0]/Size[64]>>stream
3/Functions[248 0 R]>> endobj 250 0 obj <</AntiAlias false/ColorSpace 9 0 R/Coords[0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0]/Domain[0.0
1.0]/Extend[true true]/Function 249 0 R/ShadingType 2>> endobj 251 0 obj <</Matrix[547.2 0.0 0.0 -547.2 32.5
156.5]/PatternType 2/Shading 250 0 R/Type/Pattern>> endobj 252 0 obj <</CS 9 0 R/S/Transparency/Type/Group>> endobj 1 0
obj <</Annots 2 0 R/ArtBox[0.0 0.0 612.0 792.0]/BleedBox[0.0 0.0 612.0 792.0]/Contents 3 0 R/CropBox[0.0 0.0 612.0
792.0]/Group 4 0 R/MediaBox[0.0 0.0 612.0 792.0]/Parent 53 0
R/PieceInfo<</InDesign<</DocumentID<FEFF0078006D0070002E006400690064003A00640032006500630036006200640063002D006100640034
0037002D0034003700650061002D0039006500610035002D006300610031003500620062006600340061003700340034>/LastModified<FEFF00440
03A00320030003200310030003800310036003100340034003500300030005A>/NumberOfPageItemsInPage 85/NumberofPages
1/OriginalDocumentID<FEFF0078006D0070002E006400690064003A00390032006400620035003200370037002D0039006400380030002D0034003
800640066002D0039003100660035002D003600340062003100610039003200300033006600320039>/PageItemUIDToLocationDataMap<</0[1293
.0 84.0 3.0 -270.48 362.834 -21.0235 368.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -96.9528 445.44]/1[2775.0 1.0 2.0 -270.0 -266.0 144.667
-150.8 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -22.0 -169.0]/10[2987.0 7.0 4.0 -198.8 -10.0 270.533 4.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 35.6 4.0]/11[2989.0
16.0 4.0 -198.8 3.75 270.0 4.25 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 -990.0]/12[2990.0 8.0 4.0 -176.0 18.0 270.0 32.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0
47.125 25.125]/13[2994.0 17.0 4.0 -176.0 31.75 270.0 32.25 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 -990.0]/14[2998.0 9.0 4.0 -170.0 88.0
270.0 102.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 50.125 95.125]/15[2999.0 18.0 4.0 -170.0 101.75 270.0 102.25 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
-990.0]/16[3000.0 10.0 4.0 -156.0 116.0 270.0 130.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 57.125 123.125]/17[3001.0 19.0 4.0 -156.0 129.75
270.0 130.25 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 -990.0]/18[3002.0 11.0 4.0 -170.0 144.0 270.0 158.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 50.125
151.125]/19[3003.0 20.0 4.0 -170.0 157.75 270.0 158.25 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 -990.0]/2[2799.0 2.0 4.0 -315.0 -123.0 314.4
-121.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -306.6 58.0]/20[3005.0 12.0 4.0 -165.8 172.0 270.0 186.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 52.225
179.125]/21[3006.0 21.0 4.0 -165.8 185.75 270.0 186.25 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 -990.0]/22[3007.0 13.0 4.0 -108.0 242.0
-34.7333 256.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -71.3667 249.0]/23[3008.0 22.0 4.0 -108.0 255.75 -34.7333 256.25 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -15.4
-990.0]/24[3043.0 23.0 2.0 -270.0 18.0 -183.858 32.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -195.0 93.0]/25[3067.0 24.0 2.0 -270.0 -10.0
-207.025 4.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -195.0 65.0]/26[3090.0 25.0 2.0 -270.0 -38.0 -156.925 -24.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -195.0
37.0]/27[3113.0 26.0 2.0 -270.0 -64.0761 -170.353 -52.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -195.0 10.9239]/28[3142.0 27.0 2.0 -270.0
173.557 -173.539 186.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -195.0 248.557]/29[3165.0 28.0 2.0 -270.0 145.557 -178.687 158.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0
-195.0 220.557]/3[2803.0 3.0 4.0 113.249 -355.0 264.751 -240.892 0.764816 0.0 0.0 0.764816 -2192.77 -706.341]/30[3191.0
29.0 2.0 -270.0 117.557 -164.489 130.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -195.0 192.557]/31[3214.0 30.0 2.0 -270.0 89.5571 -178.163 102.0
1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -195.0 164.557]/32[3237.0 31.0 2.0 5.0 302.0 140.859 312.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 80.0 371.747]/33[3266.0 32.0
2.0 5.0 272.706 83.1857 284.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 80.0 347.706]/34[3289.0 33.0 2.0 5.0 244.706 60.0212 256.0 1.0 0.0 0.0
1.0 80.0 319.706]/35[3314.0 34.0 2.0 -270.0 297.81 -162.821 312.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -195.0 372.81]/36[3337.0 35.0 2.0
-270.0 270.0 -164.991 284.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -195.0 349.671]/37[3360.0 36.0 2.0 -270.0 242.0 -113.997 256.0 1.0 0.0 0.0
1.0 -195.0 317.0]/38[3388.0 37.0 2.0 -270.0 214.0 -93.8026 228.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -195.0 289.0]/39[3418.0 58.0 2.0
-144.667 276.896 -121.275 284.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -69.6667 351.896]/4[2823.0 0.0 2.0 -270.0 -94.0 -117.669 -80.0 1.0 0.0
0.0 1.0 -31.3333 109.0]/40[3425.0 54.0 2.0 -89.2489 276.948 -62.6202 283.948 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -14.2489
351.948]/41[3454.0 56.0 2.0 -41.6054 276.948 -8.26546 283.948 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 33.3946 351.948]/42[3481.0 60.0 2.0
-143.917 289.0 -109.514 296.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -68.9167 364.0]/43[3527.0 52.0 2.0 -88.4989 289.0 -66.2269 296.0 1.0 0.0
0.0 1.0 -13.4989 364.0]/44[3685.0 38.0 2.0 -144.667 305.086 -103.714 312.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -69.6667 380.086]/45[3761.0
43.0 2.0 -80.146 305.086 -29.8081 312.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -5.146 380.086]/46[3786.0 39.0 2.0 101.141 276.896 142.094
284.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 176.141 351.896]/47[3809.0 50.0 2.0 161.854 276.896 212.192 284.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 236.854
351.896]/48[3927.0 40.0 2.0 161.854 304.896 202.059 312.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 236.854 379.896]/49[3951.0 41.0 2.0 222.854
305.04 262.544 312.04 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 297.854 380.04]/5[2829.0 4.0 2.0 -270.0 62.0 -126.782 74.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0
-31.3333 265.0]/50[3975.0 42.0 2.0 161.854 317.0 195.114 324.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 236.854 392.0]/51[4052.0 62.0 2.0
62.5795 418.5 77.0795 433.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 81.74 424.47]/52[4079.0 64.0 2.0 105.907 417.75 120.407 432.25 1.0 0.0 0.0
1.0 125.177 423.72]/53[4106.0 65.0 2.0 127.57 418.5 142.07 433.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 147.297 424.47]/54[4129.0 66.0 2.0
149.234 418.5 163.734 433.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 168.378 424.47]/55[4152.0 67.0 2.0 170.898 418.5 185.398 433.0 1.0 0.0 0.0
1.0 190.163 424.47]/56[4175.0 68.0 2.0 192.561 418.5 207.061 433.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 209.434 424.47]/57[4202.0 69.0 2.0
214.225 418.5 228.725 433.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 232.577 424.47]/58[4229.0 70.0 2.0 235.888 418.5 250.388 433.0 1.0 0.0 0.0
1.0 253.297 424.47]/59[4252.0 71.0 2.0 257.552 418.5 272.052 433.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 274.864 424.47]/6[2904.0 5.0 4.0
-161.0 -66.0 270.0 -52.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 54.375 -58.875]/60[4276.0 72.0 2.0 62.5795 435.4 77.0795 449.9 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0
83.4989 441.47]/61[4322.0 74.0 2.0 105.907 435.5 120.407 450.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 129.822 441.47]/62[4347.0 75.0 2.0
127.57 435.5 142.07 450.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 151.928 441.47]/63[4370.0 76.0 2.0 149.234 435.5 163.734 450.0 1.0 0.0 0.0
1.0 172.959 441.47]/64[4393.0 77.0 2.0 170.898 435.5 185.398 450.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 194.783 441.47]/65[4417.0 78.0 2.0
192.561 435.5 207.061 450.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 215.222 441.47]/66[4447.0 79.0 2.0 214.225 435.5 234.725 450.0 1.0 0.0 0.0
1.0 244.373 441.47]/67[4474.0 80.0 2.0 241.68 436.0 268.18 449.5 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 282.956 441.47]/68[4522.0 73.0 2.0
84.2431 435.4 98.7431 449.9 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 105.28 443.97]/69[5336.0 59.0 4.0 -153.521 277.198 -146.917 283.802 1.0 0.0
0.0 1.0 -150.219 280.5]/7[2907.0 14.0 4.0 -161.0 -52.25 270.0 -51.75 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 -990.0]/70[5341.0 57.0 4.0
-51.2094 277.146 -44.6054 283.75 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -47.9074 280.448]/71[5347.0 53.0 4.0 -98.1029 289.198 -91.4989 295.802
1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -94.8009 292.5]/72[5361.0 55.0 4.0 -98.1029 277.146 -91.4989 283.75 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -94.8009
280.448]/73[5366.0 61.0 4.0 -153.521 289.198 -146.917 295.802 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -150.219 292.5]/74[5371.0 44.0 4.0
-153.521 305.388 -146.917 311.992 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 -150.219 308.69]/75[5380.0 49.0 4.0 -89.0 305.388 -82.396 311.992 1.0
0.0 0.0 1.0 -85.698 308.69]/76[5385.0 45.0 4.0 92.2875 277.198 98.8915 283.802 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 95.5895 280.5]/77[5428.0
51.0 4.0 153.0 277.198 159.604 283.802 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 156.302 280.5]/78[5433.0 46.0 4.0 153.0 305.198 159.604 311.802
1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 156.302 308.5]/79[5438.0 47.0 4.0 214.0 305.342 220.604 311.946 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 217.302
308.644]/8[2909.0 6.0 4.0 -149.6 -38.0 270.0 -24.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 60.325 -30.875]/80[5443.0 48.0 4.0 153.0 317.302
159.604 323.906 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 156.302 320.604]/81[5625.0 63.0 2.0 84.2431 418.5 98.7431 433.0 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 103.404
424.47]/82[9193.0 81.0 2.0 5.0 259.0 255.882 265.642 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 123.681 268.0]/83[9197.0 82.0 4.0 70.7333 241.8
144.0 255.8 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 107.367 248.8]/84[9199.0 83.0 4.0 70.7333 255.55 144.0 256.05 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 163.333
-990.2]/9[2961.0 15.0 4.0 -149.6 -24.25 270.0 -23.75 1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 -990.0]>>/PageTransformationMatrixList<</0[1.0
0.0 0.0 1.0 -306.0 -396.0]>>/PageUIDList<</0 2741>>/PageWidthList<</0 612.0>>>>>>/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 9 0
R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 222 0 R/GS1 10 0 R>>/Font<</T1_0 219 0 R/T1_1 220 0 R>>/ProcSet[/PDF/Text]/XObject<</Fm0 236 0
R>>>>/Rotate 0/StructParents 1/Tabs/S/Thumb 52 0 R/TrimBox[0.0 0.0 612.0 792.0]/Type/Page>> endobj 2 0 obj [190 0 R 188
0 R 186 0 R 184 0 R 171 0 R 169 0 R 167 0 R 165 0 R 152 0 R 150 0 R 146 0 R 142 0 R 148 0 R 144 0 R 140 0 R 138 0 R 134
0 R 132 0 R 130 0 R 128 0 R 126 0 R 136 0 R] endobj 3 0 obj <</Filter/FlateDecode/Length 3016>>stream
endobj 5 0 obj <</BBox[0.0 14.0 73.2667 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 22/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 66/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 9 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0
obj <</BBox[0.0 6.604 6.604 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 66/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 9 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 10 0 R>>>>/Subtype/Form>>stream
0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 66/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 9 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0
obj [/ICCBased 14 0 R] endobj 10 0 obj <</AIS false/BM/Normal/CA 1.0/OP true/OPM 0/SA true/SMask/None/Type/ExtGState/ca
1.0/op true>> endobj 11 0 obj <</BBox[0.0 6.604 6.604 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 268/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
endobj 12 0 obj <</BBox[0.0 6.604 6.604 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 268/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
endobj 13 0 obj <</BBox[0.0 6.604 6.604 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 66/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 9 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 10 0 R>>>>/Subtype/Form>>stream
endstream endobj 15 0 obj <</BBox[0.0 6.604 6.604 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 66/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 9 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 10 0 R>>>>/Subtype/Form>>stream
0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 268/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 9 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0
endobj 17 0 obj <</BBox[0.0 6.604 6.604 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 66/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 9 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 10 0 R>>>>/Subtype/Form>>stream
0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 268/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 9 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0
endobj 19 0 obj <</BBox[0.0 14.0 440.0 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 22/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 22/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<<>>/Subtype/Form>>stream
14.0 431.0 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 22/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<<>>/Subtype/Form>>stream
14.0 469.333 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 22/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<<>>/Subtype/Form>>stream
6.604 6.604 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 66/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 9 0
endstream endobj 27 0 obj <</BBox[0.0 6.604 6.604 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 268/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
endobj 28 0 obj <</BBox[0.0 6.604 6.604 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 268/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
endobj 29 0 obj <</BBox[0.0 6.604 6.604 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 66/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 9 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 10 0 R>>>>/Subtype/Form>>stream
0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 66/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 9 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0
obj <</BBox[0.0 14.0 73.2667 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 22/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 22/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<<>>/Subtype/Form>>stream
66/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 9 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 10 0 R>>>>/Subtype/Form>>stream
0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 268/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 9 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0
endobj 36 0 obj <</BBox[0.0 6.604 6.604 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 268/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
endobj 37 0 obj <</BBox[0.0 6.604 6.604 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 66/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 9 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 10 0 R>>>>/Subtype/Form>>stream
0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 268/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 9 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0
endobj 39 0 obj [/Indexed/DeviceRGB 255 40 0 R] endobj 40 0 obj <</Filter[/ASCII85Decode/FlateDecode]/Length
428>>stream 8;X]O>EqN@%''O_@%e@?J;%+8(9e>X=MR6S?i^YgA3=].HDXF.R$lIL@"pJ+EP(%0
b]6ajmNZn*!='OQZeQ^Y*,=]?C.B+\Ulg9dhD*"iC[;*=3`oP1[!S^)?1)IZ4dup`
E1r!/,*0[*9.aFIR2&b-C#s<Xl5FH@[<=!#6V)uDBXnIr.F>oRZ7Dl%MLY\.?d>Mn
6%Q2oYfNRF$$+ON<+]RUJmC0I<jlL.oXisZ;SYU[/7#<&37rclQKqeJe#,UF7Rgb1
VNWFKf>nDZ4OTs0S!saG>GGKUlQ*Q?45:CI&4J'_2j<etJICj7e7nPMb=O6S7UOH<
PO7r\I.Hu&e0d&E<.')fERr/l+*W,)q^D*ai5<uuLX.7g/>$XKrcYp0n+Xl_nU*O( l[$6Nn+Z_Nq0]s7hs]`XX1nZ8&94a\~> endstream endobj 41
0 obj <</BBox[0.0 6.604 6.604 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 268/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
endobj 42 0 obj <</BBox[0.0 6.604 6.604 0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 66/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 9 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0 10 0 R>>>>/Subtype/Form>>stream
0.0]/Filter/FlateDecode/Length 268/Matrix[1.0 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 0.0]/Resources<</ColorSpace<</CS0 9 0 R>>/ExtGState<</GS0
endobj 44 0 obj <</Count 0/Type/Outlines>> endobj 45 0 obj [190 0 R 188 0 R 186 0 R 184 0 R 171 0 R 169 0 R 167 0 R 165
0 R 152 0 R 140 0 R 134 0 R 130 0 R 128 0 R 126 0 R 138 0 R 132 0 R 142 0 R 148 0 R 146 0 R 150 0 R 144 0 R 136 0 R]
endobj 46 0 obj <</BaseFont/MinionPro-Regular/Encoding 47 0 R/FirstChar 0/FontDescriptor 48 0 R/LastChar
255/Subtype/Type1/Type/Font/Widths[500 500 500 500 500 500 500 500 500 500 500 500 500 500 500 500 500 500 500 500 500
500 500 500 500 500 500 500 500 500 500 500 227 276 318 480 480 756 711 169 346 346 404 580 228 356 228 331 480 480 480
480 480 480 480 480 480 480 228 228 552 580 552 379 753 691 588 665 735 568 529 715 766 341 329 673 538 891 743 747 563
745 621 474 617 736 703 971 654 634 603 345 333 345 566 500 400 439 508 423 528 425 296 468 534 268 256 496 253 819 547
510 524 511 371 367 305 531 463 685 472 459 420 347 263 347 580 500 691 691 661 568 743 747 736 439 439 439 439 439 439
421 425 425 425 425 268 268 268 268 547 510 510 510 510 510 531 531 531 531 490 343 480 480 477 390 497 545 321 702 459
400 400 500 869 749 500 580 500 500 480 512 500 500 500 500 500 305 334 500 671 513 379 276 580 500 480 500 500 444 445
970 500 691 691 747 973 770 520 922 398 401 224 223 580 500 459 634 159 480 279 279 535 533 489 226 239 429 1062 691
568 691 568 568 341 341 341 341 747 747 500 747 736 736 736 268 400 400 400 400 400 400 400 400 400 400]>> endobj 47 0
obj <</BaseEncoding/MacRomanEncoding/Differences[219/Euro]/Type/Encoding>> endobj 48 0 obj <</Ascent 989/CapHeight
651/Descent -360/Flags 34/FontBBox[-290 -360 1684 989]/FontFamily(Minion
Pro)/FontName/MinionPro-Regular/FontStretch/Normal/FontWeight 400/ItalicAngle 0/StemV 80/Type/FontDescriptor/XHeight
437>> endobj 49 0 obj <</Filter/FlateDecode/First 847/Length 2191/N 100/Type/ObjStm>>stream
R/Filter[/ASCII85Decode/FlateDecode]/Height 99/Length 648/Width 76>>stream
8;Z\79mXZ!&EO,#b"91m9t`r]h,LT;c`6_q?.?'5RHkOkL-Q@q"Gi\!GmKS3O2m^r
+M`k6>Rol*,h3'K8Z:cAG@kmo_7+4qLMB(/hVf*[$%DRsl\@$R&6K"F0!QtG`<!uD
]qmHW/hVD6YJu,M7MfurF>#?.#Ui]IlU,kR'9-[i*pm2RQe$a?cfHA&d&lY"TPFWB
2dZ]I8_524,b5!q?o-#V)F7CeIiTJCqdZ\QGt8_VSKjY::ORZ+Dl`rO-b="#^(:a6
"Tk^QT^o*Kf1$_n-GXf[<2CY&A4LjZ\--3q9'%hSPaT9"_<`Q:e\FVao'!V8#3P9R
o=&PqdbDOnYd%tiY62f2XBbO%PGkKs>18/I3iYYl<?H9rN49gr%oC`0QSSBIYWqJ3
c</D"=AN%13FPptg3Pp9d^H0aL9&8MZsV6]J?+j9lte8QlXo!HpiSF^#LJt#]sV8t
?&i9SX&XZ2lI8kW05mXSI=5B-EuGJ@f9HdmNh5)fE:PLuQ1?FE?5s3DN'%!"bJUub
b)L(?fm&PM.qI9&]&p,%rU4L$a`V'aX9*CSfj;*oD:d%_F`[EQS?o,7%M_+lplO[/
j4,YsE0(eb<]h'8Z/'4T]D(-VKiA1R0*]!FM`il*<quG3!9LLJc2~> endstream endobj 52 0 obj <</BitsPerComponent 8/ColorSpace 39 0
R/Filter[/ASCII85Decode/FlateDecode]/Height 99/Length 559/Width 76>>stream
8;Z\64aP!g%-7\,iZt(bV7B"7DEWrV?DLd8U[(kbL`nY_6r;K_H&_q*]t>^#@Diss
0n6Uk,,uMX&T%(!#59/=:##B<$[u#i3Ga>6nGsG@gMGo6p(,ja!N[iICG'2/l8!$2
0>5mj3IARda"A1A&fA,BX>tS.Y"0)D:<97@4#PM,2jPs-P'A\*p=lYkEI+);U>2L@
65M)M/p+\[=9]mZ6j,ct5cW&k\MW@H'O6^SX>9cCkkoFGLmON`5&ZfY6^W!2EM5MR
RKSj8J742sAR%1SFOZ2@CirhQkKCLF5Bi2's19c^00sL=`@-N'U0N*aS4+0I^(84`
Hs6W<2rNM$j9ehHc$^Q?^'6IJp\&Vu5[(/R3jZ;kk(jC<0B*nW(""(j;EU\o*h4Iq
lhQ2nJB.\IeQTGkTFU1N-)9U;U31^A]m*&,fCMFWD\#>AIm#/ddel!$63`L7E1P+6
J'/O"m$[OGV7=_5=O*-b@h\)Vl%E;1/oEi0S.A\"IHrtB38;RDR0t#h_.br)kP+T) 69;ut@=G\o%BgaORqs)R^B4HGHIHs~> endstream endobj 53 0
obj <</Count 2/Kids[218 0 R 1 0 R]/Type/Pages>> endobj 54 0 obj <</Length 3127/Subtype/XML/Type/Metadata>>stream
6.0-c006 120.b669747, 2021/05/19-19:07:51 "> <rdf:RDF xmlns:rdf="http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#">
<rdf:Description rdf:about="" xmlns:dc="http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/" xmlns:xmp="http://ns.adobe.com/xap/1.0/"
xmlns:xmpMM="http://ns.adobe.com/xap/1.0/mm/" xmlns:stRef="http://ns.adobe.com/xap/1.0/sType/ResourceRef#"
xmlns:stEvt="http://ns.adobe.com/xap/1.0/sType/ResourceEvent#" xmlns:xmpRights="http://ns.adobe.com/xap/1.0/rights/"
xmlns:pdf="http://ns.adobe.com/pdf/1.3/"> <dc:format>application/pdf</dc:format> <dc:title> <rdf:Alt> <rdf:li
xml:lang="x-default">My high school details&#xD;</rdf:li> </rdf:Alt> </dc:title> <dc:creator> <rdf:Seq> <rdf:li>Common
2020</rdf:li> </rdf:Alt> </dc:rights> <xmp:CreateDate>2021-08-16T10:45-04:00</xmp:CreateDate>
<xmp:MetadataDate>2021-08-16T10:45-04:00</xmp:MetadataDate> <xmp:ModifyDate>2021-08-16T10:45-04:00</xmp:ModifyDate>
<xmp:CreatorTool>Adobe InDesign 16.3 (Macintosh)</xmp:CreatorTool>
<xmpMM:InstanceID>uuid:822ba8bc-7ff1-4d40-a761-0c0c3bc2f538</xmpMM:InstanceID>
<xmpMM:OriginalDocumentID>xmp.did:92db5277-9d80-48df-91f5-64b1a9203f29</xmpMM:OriginalDocumentID>
<xmpMM:DocumentID>xmp.id:da9fa6ec-9355-43b8-8dd6-ddddc534acc7</xmpMM:DocumentID>
<xmpMM:RenditionClass>proof:pdf</xmpMM:RenditionClass> <xmpMM:DerivedFrom rdf:parseType="Resource">
<stRef:instanceID>xmp.iid:9e592eef-8f81-4fb4-9903-565fb94b532d</stRef:instanceID>
<stRef:documentID>xmp.did:d2ec6bdc-ad47-47ea-9ea5-ca15bbf4a744</stRef:documentID>
<stRef:originalDocumentID>xmp.did:92db5277-9d80-48df-91f5-64b1a9203f29</stRef:originalDocumentID>
<stRef:renditionClass>default</stRef:renditionClass> </xmpMM:DerivedFrom> <xmpMM:History> <rdf:Seq> <rdf:li
rdf:parseType="Resource"> <stEvt:action>converted</stEvt:action> <stEvt:parameters>from application/x-indesign to
application/pdf</stEvt:parameters> <stEvt:softwareAgent>Adobe InDesign 16.3 (Macintosh)</stEvt:softwareAgent>
<stEvt:changed>/</stEvt:changed> <stEvt:when>2021-08-16T10:45-04:00</stEvt:when> </rdf:li> </rdf:Seq> </xmpMM:History>
<xmpRights:Marked>True</xmpRights:Marked> <xmpRights:WebStatement>commonapp.org</xmpRights:WebStatement>
<pdf:Producer>Adobe PDF Library 15.0</pdf:Producer> <pdf:Trapped>False</pdf:Trapped> </rdf:Description> </rdf:RDF>
</x:xmpmeta> <?xpacket end="r"?> endstream endobj 55 0 obj <</Author(Common
App)/CreationDate(D:20210816104500-04'00')/Creator(Adobe InDesign 16.3
\(Macintosh\))/ModDate(D:20210816104500-04'00')/Producer(Adobe PDF Library 15.0)/Title(My high school
details\r)/Trapped/False>> endobj xref 0 214 0000000000 65535 f 0000084621 00000 n 0000092440 00000 n 0000092633 00000
n 0000095718 00000 n 0000095773 00000 n 0000095948 00000 n 0000096216 00000 n 0000096484 00000 n 0000096752 00000 n
0000096786 00000 n 0000096897 00000 n 0000097369 00000 n 0000097841 00000 n 0000098110 00000 n 0000100758 00000 n
0000101027 00000 n 0000101499 00000 n 0000101768 00000 n 0000102240 00000 n 0000102414 00000 n 0000102588 00000 n
0000102762 00000 n 0000102936 00000 n 0000103110 00000 n 0000103286 00000 n 0000103460 00000 n 0000103729 00000 n
0000104201 00000 n 0000104673 00000 n 0000104942 00000 n 0000105211 00000 n 0000105387 00000 n 0000105561 00000 n
0000106033 00000 n 0000106302 00000 n 0000106774 00000 n 0000107246 00000 n 0000107515 00000 n 0000107987 00000 n
0000108035 00000 n 0000108548 00000 n 0000109020 00000 n 0000109289 00000 n 0000109761 00000 n 0000109804 00000 n
0000109998 00000 n 0000111166 00000 n 0000111253 00000 n 0000111489 00000 n 0000113778 00000 n 0000115211 00000 n
0000116000 00000 n 0000116700 00000 n 0000116760 00000 n 0000119964 00000 n 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
trailer <</Size 214/ID[<0118C7FCE26148A7BD8FD624AB4D2358><9349BA14F241447986574B80F55BA86E>]>> startxref 116 %%EOF
Title: 
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/static/d462f8a34123c5ced14d32ac55063510/FY_FERPA_CAReady.pdf 
n 0000003717 00000 n 0000004123 00000 n 0000004158 00000 n 0000005338 00000 n 0000006323 00000 n 0000006834 00000 n
0000007762 00000 n 0000008729 00000 n 0000009511 00000 n 0000010377 00000 n 0000011150 00000 n 0000011756 00000 n
0000014404 00000 n 0000014517 00000 n 0000014628 00000 n 0000014712 00000 n 0000016904 00000 n 0000017260 00000 n
0000017690 00000 n 0000017784 00000 n 0000021488 00000 n 0000021948 00000 n 0000022491 00000 n 0000022518 00000 n
0000022923 00000 n 0000023426 00000 n 0000023545 00000 n 0000023640 00000 n 0000023783 00000 n 0000023883 00000 n
0000027433 00000 n 0000031314 00000 n 0000031979 00000 n 0000001293 00000 n 0000001076 00000 n trailer <]/Prev
R/OpenAction 32 0 R/Outlines 1 0 R/PageLayout/SinglePage/Pages 3 0 R/StructTreeRoot 6 0
R/Type/Catalog/ViewerPreferences<>>> endobj 32 0 obj <> endobj 33 0 obj </LastModified/NumberOfPageItemsInPage
11/NumberofPages
1/OriginalDocumentID/PageItemUIDToLocationDataMap<>/PageTransformationMatrixList<>/PageUIDList<>/PageWidthList<>>>>>/Res
ources<>/ExtGState<>/Font<>/ProcSet[/PDF/Text]/XObject<>>>/Rotate 0/StructParents 0/TrimBox[0.0 0.0 612.0
obj <> endobj 59 0 obj <> endobj 60 0 obj <> endobj 61 0 obj <> endobj 62 0 obj <> endobj 63 0 obj
<>/Filter/FlateDecode/Height 64/Intent/RelativeColorimetric/Length 3301/Name/X/Subtype/Image/Type/XObject/Width
64 0 obj <>/Filter/FlateDecode/Height 64/Intent/RelativeColorimetric/Length 3623/Name/X/SMask 63 0
endobj 65 0 obj <>/ExtGState<>/Font<>/Pattern<>/ProcSet[/PDF/Text/ImageC]/XObject<>>>/Subtype/Form>>stream
2020-11-25T13:07:05-05:00 Adobe InDesign 16.0 (Macintosh) uuid:778ec3d2-b140-7541-86cc-42011d1053cb
xmp.did:92db5277-9d80-48df-91f5-64b1a9203f29 xmp.id:f54c1638-a36d-4ca1-b84c-14ae8dba45e8 proof:pdf
xmp.iid:84dc24d8-abee-45a9-bfc2-2fe50c827051 xmp.did:7e914e07-3112-4a9b-94c6-53e152ddad4e
xmp.did:92db5277-9d80-48df-91f5-64b1a9203f29 default converted from application/x-indesign to application/pdf Adobe
InDesign 16.0 (Macintosh) / 2020-11-25T13:07:05-05:00 True commonapp.org Adobe PDF Library 15.0 False endstream endobj
5 0 obj <> endobj xref 0 30 0000000000 65535 f 0000032036 00000 n 0000032078 00000 n 0000032728 00000 n 0000032780
00000 n 0000035994 00000 n 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535
f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
2020-11-25T13:11:26-05:00 2020-11-25T13:11:26-05:00 Adobe InDesign 16.0 (Macintosh)
uuid:352befaf-6733-dd4d-bcca-ce3ddd2fa0ab xmp.did:92db5277-9d80-48df-91f5-64b1a9203f29
xmp.id:f54c1638-a36d-4ca1-b84c-14ae8dba45e8 proof:pdf xmp.iid:84dc24d8-abee-45a9-bfc2-2fe50c827051
xmp.did:7e914e07-3112-4a9b-94c6-53e152ddad4e xmp.did:92db5277-9d80-48df-91f5-64b1a9203f29 default converted from
application/x-indesign to application/pdf Adobe InDesign 16.0 (Macintosh) / 2020-11-25T13:07:05-05:00 True
commonapp.org Adobe PDF Library 15.0 False endstream endobj 5 0 obj <> endobj 33 0 obj
<>/PageTransformationMatrixList<>/PageUIDList<>/PageWidthList<>>>>>/Resources<>/ExtGState<>/Font<>/ProcSet[/PDF/Text]/XO
bject<>>>/Rotate 0/StructParents 0/Tabs/S/TrimBox[0.0 0.0 612.0 792.0]/Type/Page>> endobj 65 0 obj
endstream endobj xref 0 1 0000000000 65535 f 4 2 0000037470 00000 n 0000042732 00000 n 8 1 0000000000 65535 f 13 2
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 17 1 0000000000 65535 f 26 2 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 33 1
0000042964 00000 n 65 1 0000044728 00000 n 69 3 0000045397 00000 n 0000036952 00000 n 0000037274 00000 n trailer
<<9FDE8A48AFD44DD8A1240C4C629C3684>]/Prev 116>> xref 0 1 0000000000 65535 f trailer
<<9FDE8A48AFD44DD8A1240C4C629C3684>]/Prev 50441/XRefStm 37274>> startxref 50904 %%EOF
Title: 
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/static/8a545b2573b227f7ee382214c7392b3f/FY-Apply-College-Testing-Section-Common-App.pdf
00000 n 0000004936 00000 n 0000005459 00000 n 0000006010 00000 n 0000006271 00000 n 0000006383 00000 n 0000007478 00000
n 0000007592 00000 n 0000009174 00000 n 0000009677 00000 n 0000009705 00000 n 0000009966 00000 n 0000010387 00000 n
0000011668 00000 n 0000011765 00000 n 0000011913 00000 n 0000012015 00000 n 0000012404 00000 n 0000014111 00000 n
0000014526 00000 n 0000014787 00000 n 0000015048 00000 n 0000015486 00000 n 0000015913 00000 n 0000016372 00000 n
0000017881 00000 n 0000018910 00000 n 0000020181 00000 n 0000021225 00000 n 0000029143 00000 n 0000029263 00000 n
0000036476 00000 n 0000043186 00000 n 0000050160 00000 n 0000056700 00000 n 0000056961 00000 n 0000057361 00000 n
0000090583 00000 n 0000090622 00000 n 0000090743 00000 n 0000090863 00000 n 0000090974 00000 n 0000091118 00000 n
0000001570 00000 n 0000001256 00000 n trailer <]/Prev 103622/XRefStm 1570>> startxref 0 %%EOF 158 0 obj <>stream
113 0 R/PageLayout/SinglePage/Pages 7 0 R/StructTreeRoot 10 0 R/Type/Catalog/ViewerPreferences<>>> endobj 113 0 obj <>
endobj 114 0 obj <>/ExtGState<>/Font<>/Pattern<>/ProcSet[/PDF/Text]/Properties<>/Shading<>>>/Rotate 0/StructParents
0/TrimBox[0.0 0.0 612.0 792.0]/Type/Page/PieceInfo</LastModified/NumberOfPageItemsInPage 22/NumberofPages
1/OriginalDocumentID/PageItemUIDToLocationDataMap<>/PageTransformationMatrixList<>/PageUIDList<>/PageWidthList<>>>>>>>
123 0 obj [/Pattern] endobj 124 0 obj <> endobj 125 0 obj <>stream
127 0 obj <> endobj 128 0 obj <> endobj 129 0 obj <> endobj 130 0 obj <> endobj 131 0 obj <>stream
2019-04-15T22:09:10-07:00 2019-04-15T22:09:10-07:00 2019-04-15T22:09:10-07:00 Adobe Illustrator CC 22.0 (Macintosh)
xmp.iid:748eb9ba-88e2-4710-b64c-aacdfa58c3d9 xmp.did:748eb9ba-88e2-4710-b64c-aacdfa58c3d9
uuid:5D20892493BFDB11914A8590D31508C8 proof:pdf xmp.iid:e243af5b-1d84-4171-8a29-c1832417ce51
xmp.did:e243af5b-1d84-4171-8a29-c1832417ce51 uuid:5D20892493BFDB11914A8590D31508C8 proof:pdf saved
xmp.iid:7b2c22e5-0d12-4ec6-828b-42c63f277985 2019-02-25T18:17:38-08:00 Adobe Illustrator CC 22.0 (Macintosh) / saved
xmp.iid:f3fc36b1-44ae-4ba9-b7b6-8d9700643b98 2019-02-26T09:35:44-08:00 Adobe Illustrator CC 22.0 (Macintosh) /
converted from application/postscript to application/vnd.adobe.illustrator saved
xmp.iid:1c48f2e7-3780-43dc-99bb-cb60450a0b51 2019-03-22T15:34:35-07:00 Adobe Illustrator CC 22.0 (Macintosh) /
converted from application/postscript to application/vnd.adobe.illustrator converted from application/postscript to
application/vnd.adobe.illustrator converted from application/postscript to application/vnd.adobe.illustrator converted
from application/postscript to application/vnd.adobe.illustrator saved xmp.iid:36c0a0bc-9cd5-4938-99bc-e60c55b22970
2019-04-15T22:07:40-07:00 Adobe Illustrator CC 22.0 (Macintosh) / saved xmp.iid:748eb9ba-88e2-4710-b64c-aacdfa58c3d9
2019-04-15T22:09:10-07:00 Adobe Illustrator CC 22.0 (Macintosh) / Print False False 1 792.000000 612.000000 Points Cyan
Magenta Yellow Black Default Swatch Group 0 White RGB PROCESS 255 255 255 Black RGB PROCESS 35 31 32 CMYK Red RGB
PROCESS 236 28 36 CMYK Yellow RGB PROCESS 255 241 0 CMYK Green RGB PROCESS 0 165 81 CMYK Cyan RGB PROCESS 0 173 238
CMYK Blue RGB PROCESS 46 49 145 CMYK Magenta RGB PROCESS 235 0 139 C=15 M=100 Y=90 K=10 RGB PROCESS 190 30 45 C=0 M=90
Y=85 K=0 RGB PROCESS 238 64 54 C=0 M=80 Y=95 K=0 RGB PROCESS 240 90 40 C=0 M=50 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 246 146 30 C=0
M=35 Y=85 K=0 RGB PROCESS 250 175 64 C=5 M=0 Y=90 K=0 RGB PROCESS 249 236 49 C=20 M=0 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 214 222 35
C=50 M=0 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 139 197 63 C=75 M=0 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 55 179 74 C=85 M=10 Y=100 K=10 RGB PROCESS 0
147 69 C=90 M=30 Y=95 K=30 RGB PROCESS 0 104 56 C=75 M=0 Y=75 K=0 RGB PROCESS 41 180 115 C=80 M=10 Y=45 K=0 RGB PROCESS
0 166 156 C=70 M=15 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 37 169 224 C=85 M=50 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 27 117 187 C=100 M=95 Y=5 K=0 RGB
PROCESS 43 56 143 C=100 M=100 Y=25 K=25 RGB PROCESS 38 34 97 C=75 M=100 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 101 45 144 C=50 M=100 Y=0
K=0 RGB PROCESS 144 39 142 C=35 M=100 Y=35 K=10 RGB PROCESS 158 31 99 C=10 M=100 Y=50 K=0 RGB PROCESS 217 28 92 C=0
M=95 Y=20 K=0 RGB PROCESS 236 41 123 C=25 M=25 Y=40 K=0 RGB PROCESS 193 180 154 C=40 M=45 Y=50 K=5 RGB PROCESS 154 132
121 C=50 M=50 Y=60 K=25 RGB PROCESS 113 101 88 C=55 M=60 Y=65 K=40 RGB PROCESS 90 74 66 C=25 M=40 Y=65 K=0 RGB PROCESS
195 153 107 C=30 M=50 Y=75 K=10 RGB PROCESS 168 124 79 C=35 M=60 Y=80 K=25 RGB PROCESS 138 93 59 C=40 M=65 Y=90 K=35
RGB PROCESS 117 76 40 C=40 M=70 Y=100 K=50 RGB PROCESS 96 56 19 C=50 M=70 Y=80 K=70 RGB PROCESS 59 35 20 Grays 1 C=0
M=0 Y=0 K=100 RGB PROCESS 35 31 32 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=90 RGB PROCESS 64 64 65 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=80 RGB PROCESS 88 89 91 C=0 M=0
Y=0 K=70 RGB PROCESS 109 110 112 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=60 RGB PROCESS 128 129 132 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=50 RGB PROCESS 146 148 151 C=0
M=0 Y=0 K=40 RGB PROCESS 166 168 171 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=30 RGB PROCESS 187 189 191 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=20 RGB PROCESS 208 210 211
C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=10 RGB PROCESS 230 231 232 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=5 RGB PROCESS 241 241 242 Brights 1 C=0 M=100 Y=100 K=0 RGB
PROCESS 236 28 36 C=0 M=75 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 241 101 34 C=0 M=10 Y=95 K=0 RGB PROCESS 255 221 21 C=85 M=10 Y=100
K=0 RGB PROCESS 0 161 75 C=100 M=90 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 34 64 153 C=60 M=90 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 127 63 151 Adobe PDF
library 10.01 endstream endobj 151 0 obj <> endobj 152 0 obj <> endobj 153 0 obj <> endobj 154 0 obj <> endobj 155 0
obj <> endobj 156 0 obj <> endobj 1 0 obj <>/ExtGState<>/Font<>/Pattern<>/ProcSet[/PDF/Text]>>/Rotate 0/StructParents
1/TrimBox[0.0 0.0 612.0 792.0]/Type/Page/PieceInfo</LastModified/NumberOfPageItemsInPage 8/NumberofPages
1/OriginalDocumentID/PageItemUIDToLocationDataMap<>/PageTransformationMatrixList<>/PageUIDList<>/PageWidthList<>>>>>>>
college application process with confidence by mastering the Testing section of the Common App. Learn how to
self-report standardized test scores, understand varying college testing policies, and determine which tests to report
based on your chosen schools. Discover tips for managing your test scores and get detailed insights on college
requirements to enhance your application. Common App Testing section standardized test scores college application
process self-report test scores college testing policies college admissions requirements report standardized tests
Common App tips college information page application flexibility test score management standardized testing
requirements college admission tests Common App guide college admissions tips 2024-08-09T12:12:06-04:00
2024-08-09T12:12:07-04:00 2024-08-09T12:12:07-04:00 Adobe InDesign 19.0 (Macintosh)
uuid:f1609b6b-c9aa-b94a-940a-a36f091c75e7 xmp.did:92db5277-9d80-48df-91f5-64b1a9203f29
xmp.id:94d0db0c-4fa7-49fd-a2c3-24783316b8a5 proof:pdf xmp.iid:0e4c838c-f766-4d0d-8e7f-3637f2e8918f
xmp.did:c805f307-e0e1-415f-a2ad-63a17132a802 xmp.did:92db5277-9d80-48df-91f5-64b1a9203f29 default converted from
application/x-indesign to application/pdf Adobe InDesign 19.0 (Macintosh) / 2024-08-09T12:12:06-04:00 True
commonapp.org Adobe PDF Library 17.0 False endstream endobj 9 0 obj <> endobj xref 0 111 0000000000 65535 f 0000091266
00000 n 0000092982 00000 n 0000093013 00000 n 0000095719 00000 n 0000095879 00000 n 0000098017 00000 n 0000098186 00000
n 0000098245 00000 n 0000102962 00000 n 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
<>/Filter/FlateDecode/Index[22 1 24 1 28 1 30 1 32 1 34 1 36 1 38 1 55 2 61 1 70 1 83 2 165 2]/Length 33/Size
<>/PageTransformationMatrixList<>/PageUIDList<>/PageWidthList<>>>>>/Resources<>/ExtGState<>/Font<>/Pattern<>/ProcSet[/PD
F/Text]>>/Rotate 0/StructParents 1/Tabs/S/TrimBox[0.0 0.0 612.0 792.0]/Type/Page>> endobj 8 0 obj <>stream
application process with confidence by mastering the Testing section of the Common App. Learn how to self-report
standardized test scores, understand varying college testing policies, and determine which tests to report based on
your chosen schools. Discover tips for managing your test scores and get detailed insights on college requirements to
enhance your application. Common App Testing section standardized test scores college application process self-report
test scores college testing policies college admissions requirements report standardized tests Common App tips college
information page application flexibility test score management standardized testing requirements college admission
tests Common App guide college admissions tips 2024-08-09T12:12:06-04:00 2024-08-09T12:15:31-04:00
2024-08-09T12:15:31-04:00 Adobe InDesign 19.0 (Macintosh) uuid:126f6efc-a9da-d149-8c54-3694934e81f8
xmp.did:92db5277-9d80-48df-91f5-64b1a9203f29 xmp.id:94d0db0c-4fa7-49fd-a2c3-24783316b8a5 proof:pdf
xmp.iid:0e4c838c-f766-4d0d-8e7f-3637f2e8918f xmp.did:c805f307-e0e1-415f-a2ad-63a17132a802
xmp.did:92db5277-9d80-48df-91f5-64b1a9203f29 default converted from application/x-indesign to application/pdf Adobe
InDesign 19.0 (Macintosh) / 2024-08-09T12:12:06-04:00 True commonapp.org Adobe PDF Library 17.0 False endstream endobj
9 0 obj <> endobj 112 0 obj <>/Metadata 8 0 R/OpenAction 113 0 R/PageLayout/SinglePage/Pages 7 0 R/StructTreeRoot 10 0
R/Type/Catalog/ViewerPreferences<>>> endobj 114 0 obj
<>/PageTransformationMatrixList<>/PageUIDList<>/PageWidthList<>>>>>/Resources<>/ExtGState<>/Font<>/Pattern<>/ProcSet[/PD
F/Text]/Properties<>/Shading<>>>/Rotate 0/StructParents 0/Tabs/S/TrimBox[0.0 0.0 612.0 792.0]/Type/Page>> endobj 159 0
endobj 163 0 obj <> endobj 164 0 obj <> endobj xref 0 2 0000000000 65535 f 0000106628 00000 n 8 2 0000108175 00000 n
0000114940 00000 n 22 1 0000000000 65535 f 24 1 0000000000 65535 f 28 1 0000000000 65535 f 30 1 0000000000 65535 f 32 1
0000000000 65535 f 34 1 0000000000 65535 f 36 1 0000000000 65535 f 38 1 0000000000 65535 f 55 2 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 61 1 0000000000 65535 f 70 1 0000000000 65535 f 83 2 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 112 1
0000115600 00000 n 114 1 0000115836 00000 n 159 8 0000118528 00000 n 0000118657 00000 n 0000121327 00000 n 0000130010
00000 n 0000130102 00000 n 0000130180 00000 n 0000105970 00000 n 0000106386 00000 n trailer
<<48731E38A5E445868AA7D59B2FA039C6>]/Prev 116>> xref 0 1 0000000000 65535 f trailer
<<48731E38A5E445868AA7D59B2FA039C6>]/Prev 131373/XRefStm 106386>> startxref 132170 %%EOF
Title: 
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/static/624c3d8ad2a5ae0ba3c3517525aafe63/FY-Apply-College-Teacher-Brag-Sheet.pdf 
<>/Filter/FlateDecode/ID[<51262E5D4B0F44BE87CCCBF55530FBB6><6E6F30FB2874A94A867CA799DF116E78>]/Index[153 42]/Info 152 0
151 0 R/StructTreeRoot 41 0 R/Type/Catalog/ViewerPreferences<>>> endobj 155 0 obj
<>/PageTransformationMatrixList<>/PageUIDList<>/PageWidthList<>>>>>/Resources<>/ExtGState<>/Font<>/Pattern<>/ProcSet[/PD
F/Text]/Properties<>/Shading<>>>/Rotate 0/StructParents 0/Tabs/S/Thumb 24 0 R/TrimBox[0.0 0.0 612.0 792.0]/Type/Page>>
endobj 170 0 obj <>stream application/postscript Print Gaby Brink 2019-04-15T22:09:10-07:00 2019-04-15T22:09:10-07:00
2019-04-15T22:09:10-07:00 Adobe Illustrator CC 22.0 (Macintosh) xmp.iid:748eb9ba-88e2-4710-b64c-aacdfa58c3d9
xmp.did:748eb9ba-88e2-4710-b64c-aacdfa58c3d9 uuid:5D20892493BFDB11914A8590D31508C8 proof:pdf
xmp.iid:e243af5b-1d84-4171-8a29-c1832417ce51 xmp.did:e243af5b-1d84-4171-8a29-c1832417ce51
uuid:5D20892493BFDB11914A8590D31508C8 proof:pdf saved xmp.iid:7b2c22e5-0d12-4ec6-828b-42c63f277985
2019-02-25T18:17:38-08:00 Adobe Illustrator CC 22.0 (Macintosh) / saved xmp.iid:f3fc36b1-44ae-4ba9-b7b6-8d9700643b98
2019-02-26T09:35:44-08:00 Adobe Illustrator CC 22.0 (Macintosh) / converted from application/postscript to
application/vnd.adobe.illustrator saved xmp.iid:1c48f2e7-3780-43dc-99bb-cb60450a0b51 2019-03-22T15:34:35-07:00 Adobe
Illustrator CC 22.0 (Macintosh) / converted from application/postscript to application/vnd.adobe.illustrator converted
from application/postscript to application/vnd.adobe.illustrator converted from application/postscript to
application/vnd.adobe.illustrator converted from application/postscript to application/vnd.adobe.illustrator saved
xmp.iid:36c0a0bc-9cd5-4938-99bc-e60c55b22970 2019-04-15T22:07:40-07:00 Adobe Illustrator CC 22.0 (Macintosh) / saved
xmp.iid:748eb9ba-88e2-4710-b64c-aacdfa58c3d9 2019-04-15T22:09:10-07:00 Adobe Illustrator CC 22.0 (Macintosh) / Print
False False 1 792.000000 612.000000 Points Cyan Magenta Yellow Black Default Swatch Group 0 White RGB PROCESS 255 255
255 Black RGB PROCESS 35 31 32 CMYK Red RGB PROCESS 236 28 36 CMYK Yellow RGB PROCESS 255 241 0 CMYK Green RGB PROCESS
0 165 81 CMYK Cyan RGB PROCESS 0 173 238 CMYK Blue RGB PROCESS 46 49 145 CMYK Magenta RGB PROCESS 235 0 139 C=15 M=100
Y=90 K=10 RGB PROCESS 190 30 45 C=0 M=90 Y=85 K=0 RGB PROCESS 238 64 54 C=0 M=80 Y=95 K=0 RGB PROCESS 240 90 40 C=0
M=50 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 246 146 30 C=0 M=35 Y=85 K=0 RGB PROCESS 250 175 64 C=5 M=0 Y=90 K=0 RGB PROCESS 249 236 49
C=20 M=0 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 214 222 35 C=50 M=0 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 139 197 63 C=75 M=0 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 55
179 74 C=85 M=10 Y=100 K=10 RGB PROCESS 0 147 69 C=90 M=30 Y=95 K=30 RGB PROCESS 0 104 56 C=75 M=0 Y=75 K=0 RGB PROCESS
41 180 115 C=80 M=10 Y=45 K=0 RGB PROCESS 0 166 156 C=70 M=15 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 37 169 224 C=85 M=50 Y=0 K=0 RGB
PROCESS 27 117 187 C=100 M=95 Y=5 K=0 RGB PROCESS 43 56 143 C=100 M=100 Y=25 K=25 RGB PROCESS 38 34 97 C=75 M=100 Y=0
K=0 RGB PROCESS 101 45 144 C=50 M=100 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 144 39 142 C=35 M=100 Y=35 K=10 RGB PROCESS 158 31 99 C=10
M=100 Y=50 K=0 RGB PROCESS 217 28 92 C=0 M=95 Y=20 K=0 RGB PROCESS 236 41 123 C=25 M=25 Y=40 K=0 RGB PROCESS 193 180
154 C=40 M=45 Y=50 K=5 RGB PROCESS 154 132 121 C=50 M=50 Y=60 K=25 RGB PROCESS 113 101 88 C=55 M=60 Y=65 K=40 RGB
PROCESS 90 74 66 C=25 M=40 Y=65 K=0 RGB PROCESS 195 153 107 C=30 M=50 Y=75 K=10 RGB PROCESS 168 124 79 C=35 M=60 Y=80
K=25 RGB PROCESS 138 93 59 C=40 M=65 Y=90 K=35 RGB PROCESS 117 76 40 C=40 M=70 Y=100 K=50 RGB PROCESS 96 56 19 C=50
M=70 Y=80 K=70 RGB PROCESS 59 35 20 Grays 1 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=100 RGB PROCESS 35 31 32 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=90 RGB PROCESS 64 64
65 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=80 RGB PROCESS 88 89 91 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=70 RGB PROCESS 109 110 112 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=60 RGB PROCESS 128 129
132 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=50 RGB PROCESS 146 148 151 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=40 RGB PROCESS 166 168 171 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=30 RGB PROCESS 187
189 191 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=20 RGB PROCESS 208 210 211 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=10 RGB PROCESS 230 231 232 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=5 RGB PROCESS
241 241 242 Brights 1 C=0 M=100 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 236 28 36 C=0 M=75 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 241 101 34 C=0 M=10 Y=95
K=0 RGB PROCESS 255 221 21 C=85 M=10 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 0 161 75 C=100 M=90 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 34 64 153 C=60 M=90
Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 127 63 151 Adobe PDF library 10.01 endstream endobj 1 0 obj
<>/PageTransformationMatrixList<>/PageUIDList<>/PageWidthList<>>>>>/Resources<>/ExtGState<>/Font<>/Pattern<>/ProcSet[/PD
F/Text]>>/Rotate 0/StructParents 2/Tabs/S/Thumb 25 0 R/TrimBox[0.0 0.0 612.0 792.0]/Type/Page>> endobj 2 0 obj <>stream
<>/PageTransformationMatrixList<>/PageUIDList<>/PageWidthList<>>>>>/Resources<>/ExtGState<>/Font<>/Pattern<>/ProcSet[/PD
F/Text]>>/Rotate 0/StructParents 12/Tabs/S/Thumb 26 0 R/TrimBox[0.0 0.0 612.0 792.0]/Type/Page>> endobj 5 0 obj
endstream endobj 7 0 obj <>/Subtype/Form/Type/XObject>>stream q 0.952942 g 0 0 540 112 re f 0.290192 G 0.5 0.5 539 111
re s Q endstream endobj 8 0 obj <>/Subtype/Form/Type/XObject>>stream q 0.952942 g 0 0 540 126 re f 0.290192 G 0.5 0.5
539 125 re s Q endstream endobj 9 0 obj <>/Subtype/Form/Type/XObject>>stream q 0.952942 g 0 0 540 126 re f 0.290192 G
0.5 0.5 539 125 re s Q endstream endobj 10 0 obj <>/Subtype/Form/Type/XObject>>stream q 0.952942 g 0 0 540 70 re f
0.290192 G 0.5 0.5 539 69 re s Q endstream endobj 11 0 obj <>/Subtype/Form/Type/XObject>>stream q 0.952942 g 0 0 540 56
re f 0.290192 G 0.5 0.5 539 55 re s Q endstream endobj 12 0 obj <>/Subtype/Form/Type/XObject>>stream q 0.952942 g 0 0
374 20.4 re f 0.290192 G 0.5 0.5 373 19.4 re s Q endstream endobj 13 0 obj <>/Subtype/Form/Type/XObject>>stream
<>/Subtype/Form/Type/XObject>>stream q 0.952942 g 0 0 540 56 re f 0.290192 G 0.5 0.5 539 55 re s Q endstream endobj 15
re s Q endstream endobj 18 0 obj <>/Subtype/Form/Type/XObject>>stream q 0.952942 g 0 0 540 56 re f 0.290192 G 0.5 0.5
2023-09-22T14:45:47-05:00 2023-09-22T14:45:47-05:00 Adobe InDesign 18.4 (Macintosh)
uuid:72c83427-71d5-49ce-9a90-f137e0c7c361 xmp.did:92db5277-9d80-48df-91f5-64b1a9203f29
xmp.id:51e24c21-aed6-4fc2-baca-4ce5d2dc1d95 proof:pdf xmp.iid:b85a4f8b-f04c-4c84-a498-ed3bf1c314cf
xmp.did:ad8657ad-6df4-4fd9-ac84-61c0ffb5f6f6 xmp.did:92db5277-9d80-48df-91f5-64b1a9203f29 default converted from
application/x-indesign to application/pdf Adobe InDesign 18.4 (Macintosh) / 2023-07-18T14:28:38-04:00 True
<>/Filter/FlateDecode/ID[<51262E5D4B0F44BE87CCCBF55530FBB6><6E6F30FB2874A94A867CA799DF116E78>]/Info 152 0 R/Length
Title: 
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/static/0b69c880faf13e59a0ce684754e48f60/FY_International_CAReady_2023.03.23_0.pdf 
00000 n 0000004172 00000 n 0000004221 00000 n 0000004665 00000 n 0000005218 00000 n 0000005255 00000 n 0000005758 00000
n 0000005872 00000 n 0000005984 00000 n 0000006087 00000 n 0000006496 00000 n 0000007024 00000 n 0000007634 00000 n
0000007723 00000 n 0000008578 00000 n 0000009296 00000 n 0000010168 00000 n 0000010928 00000 n 0000011620 00000 n
0000012442 00000 n 0000013307 00000 n 0000013678 00000 n 0000016879 00000 n 0000021250 00000 n 0000023899 00000 n
0000023927 00000 n 0000024047 00000 n 0000024144 00000 n 0000024290 00000 n 0000024392 00000 n 0000024803 00000 n
0000025311 00000 n 0000028862 00000 n 0000032746 00000 n 0000033421 00000 n 0000001405 00000 n 0000001096 00000 n
R/OpenAction 120 0 R/Outlines 10 0 R/PageLayout/SinglePage/Pages 13 0 R/StructTreeRoot 16 0
R/Type/Catalog/ViewerPreferences<>>> endobj 120 0 obj <> endobj 121 0 obj
<>/ExtGState<>/Font<>/ProcSet[/PDF/Text]/XObject<>>>/Rotate 0/StructParents 0/TrimBox[0.0 0.0 612.0
792.0]/Type/Page/PieceInfo</LastModified/NumberOfPageItemsInPage 15/NumberofPages
1/OriginalDocumentID/PageItemUIDToLocationDataMap<>/PageTransformationMatrixList<>/PageUIDList<>/PageWidthList<>>>>>>>
endobj 122 0 obj [104 0 R 101 0 R 98 0 R 95 0 R] endobj 123 0 obj <> endobj 124 0 obj <> endobj 125 0 obj [/ICCBased
endstream endobj 145 0 obj [/Pattern] endobj 146 0 obj <> endobj 147 0 obj <> endobj 148 0 obj <> endobj 149 0 obj <>
153 0 obj <>/Filter/FlateDecode/Height 64/Intent/RelativeColorimetric/Length 3623/Name/X/SMask 152 0
endobj 154 0 obj <>/ExtGState<>/Font<>/Pattern<>/ProcSet[/PDF/Text/ImageC]/XObject<>>>/Subtype/Form>>stream
<>/ExtGState<>/Font<>/ProcSet[/PDF/Text]/XObject<>>>/Rotate 0/StructParents 5/TrimBox[0.0 0.0 612.0
792.0]/Type/Page/PieceInfo</LastModified/NumberOfPageItemsInPage 7/NumberofPages
1/OriginalDocumentID/PageItemUIDToLocationDataMap<>/PageTransformationMatrixList<>/PageUIDList<>/PageWidthList<>>>>>>>
<>/ExtGState<>/Font<>/ProcSet[/PDF/Text]/XObject<>>>/Rotate 0/StructParents 10/TrimBox[0.0 0.0 612.0
792.0]/Type/Page/PieceInfo</LastModified/NumberOfPageItemsInPage 3/NumberofPages
1/OriginalDocumentID/PageItemUIDToLocationDataMap<>/PageTransformationMatrixList<>/PageUIDList<>/PageWidthList<>>>>>>>
2023-03-23T14:33:29-04:00 2023-03-23T14:33:29-04:00 2023-03-23T14:33:29-04:00 Adobe InDesign 18.2 (Macintosh)
uuid:d3b97e37-87cc-5241-975f-44896c4d5a48 xmp.did:92db5277-9d80-48df-91f5-64b1a9203f29
xmp.id:f46cb4ee-f48d-41dd-8e53-c017c21f7087 proof:pdf xmp.iid:0c902311-8c46-4700-bbe7-9cc703c2b03a
xmp.did:eeae1d15-ccb9-482d-9dc5-facc7a6f7223 xmp.did:92db5277-9d80-48df-91f5-64b1a9203f29 default converted from
application/x-indesign to application/pdf Adobe InDesign 18.2 (Macintosh) / 2023-03-23T14:33:29-04:00 True
commonapp.org Adobe PDF Library 17.0 False endstream endobj 15 0 obj <> endobj xref 0 118 0000000000 65535 f 0000033480
00000 n 0000035100 00000 n 0000035145 00000 n 0000039204 00000 n 0000040534 00000 n 0000040565 00000 n 0000042095 00000
n 0000042599 00000 n 0000043008 00000 n 0000043570 00000 n 0000043613 00000 n 0000046091 00000 n 0000046264 00000 n
0000046330 00000 n 0000049561 00000 n 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f trailer <]>> startxref 116 %%EOF 1 0 obj
<>/PageTransformationMatrixList<>/PageUIDList<>/PageWidthList<>>>>>/Resources<>/ExtGState<>/Font<>/ProcSet[/PDF/Text]/XO
bject<>>>/Rotate 0/StructParents 5/Tabs/S/TrimBox[0.0 0.0 612.0 792.0]/Type/Page>> endobj 4 0 obj
<>/PageTransformationMatrixList<>/PageUIDList<>/PageWidthList<>>>>>/Resources<>/ExtGState<>/Font<>/ProcSet[/PDF/Text]/XO
bject<>>>/Rotate 0/StructParents 10/Tabs/S/TrimBox[0.0 0.0 612.0 792.0]/Type/Page>> endobj 14 0 obj <>stream
2023-03-23T14:33:41-04:00 2023-03-23T14:33:41-04:00 Adobe InDesign 18.2 (Macintosh)
uuid:f039c65b-e783-5143-8036-611120ea8ef7 xmp.did:92db5277-9d80-48df-91f5-64b1a9203f29
xmp.id:f46cb4ee-f48d-41dd-8e53-c017c21f7087 proof:pdf xmp.iid:0c902311-8c46-4700-bbe7-9cc703c2b03a
xmp.did:eeae1d15-ccb9-482d-9dc5-facc7a6f7223 xmp.did:92db5277-9d80-48df-91f5-64b1a9203f29 default converted from
application/x-indesign to application/pdf Adobe InDesign 18.2 (Macintosh) / 2023-03-23T14:33:29-04:00 True
commonapp.org Adobe PDF Library 17.0 False endstream endobj 15 0 obj <> endobj 121 0 obj
<>/PageTransformationMatrixList<>/PageUIDList<>/PageWidthList<>>>>>/Resources<>/ExtGState<>/Font<>/ProcSet[/PDF/Text]/XO
bject<>>>/Rotate 0/StructParents 0/Tabs/S/TrimBox[0.0 0.0 612.0 792.0]/Type/Page>> endobj xref 0 2 0000000000 65535 f
0000052298 00000 n 4 1 0000053709 00000 n 14 2 0000054830 00000 n 0000060109 00000 n 121 1 0000060358 00000 n trailer
<<1A2E435897AD4110904A8B3D3174179C>]/Prev 116>> startxref 62459 %%EOF
Title: 
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/static/d8d4fe3bc09d9b0a67d715d9bb6b20f9/FY-Apply-College-Application-Fees-Waivers.pdf 
<>/Filter/FlateDecode/ID[<747F515131EB416FA71978321EB70DCF><250BF38DF6BF0A4B9CF62C1D6C36EB7F>]/Index[87 47]/Info 86 0
R/PageLayout/SinglePage/Pages 85 0 R/StructTreeRoot 11 0 R/Type/Catalog/ViewerPreferences<>>> endobj 89 0 obj <> endobj
90 0 obj
<>/PageTransformationMatrixList<>/PageUIDList<>/PageWidthList<>>>>>/Resources<>/ExtGState<>/Font<>/Pattern<>/ProcSet[/PD
F/Text]/Properties<>/Shading<>>>/Rotate 0/StructParents 0/Tabs/S/TrimBox[0.0 0.0 612.0 792.0]/Type/Page>> endobj 91 0
Brink 2019-04-15T22:09:10-07:00 2019-04-15T22:09:10-07:00 2019-04-15T22:09:10-07:00 Adobe Illustrator CC 22.0
(Macintosh) xmp.iid:748eb9ba-88e2-4710-b64c-aacdfa58c3d9 xmp.did:748eb9ba-88e2-4710-b64c-aacdfa58c3d9
uuid:5D20892493BFDB11914A8590D31508C8 proof:pdf xmp.iid:e243af5b-1d84-4171-8a29-c1832417ce51
xmp.did:e243af5b-1d84-4171-8a29-c1832417ce51 uuid:5D20892493BFDB11914A8590D31508C8 proof:pdf saved
xmp.iid:7b2c22e5-0d12-4ec6-828b-42c63f277985 2019-02-25T18:17:38-08:00 Adobe Illustrator CC 22.0 (Macintosh) / saved
xmp.iid:f3fc36b1-44ae-4ba9-b7b6-8d9700643b98 2019-02-26T09:35:44-08:00 Adobe Illustrator CC 22.0 (Macintosh) /
converted from application/postscript to application/vnd.adobe.illustrator saved
xmp.iid:1c48f2e7-3780-43dc-99bb-cb60450a0b51 2019-03-22T15:34:35-07:00 Adobe Illustrator CC 22.0 (Macintosh) /
converted from application/postscript to application/vnd.adobe.illustrator converted from application/postscript to
application/vnd.adobe.illustrator converted from application/postscript to application/vnd.adobe.illustrator converted
from application/postscript to application/vnd.adobe.illustrator saved xmp.iid:36c0a0bc-9cd5-4938-99bc-e60c55b22970
2019-04-15T22:07:40-07:00 Adobe Illustrator CC 22.0 (Macintosh) / saved xmp.iid:748eb9ba-88e2-4710-b64c-aacdfa58c3d9
2019-04-15T22:09:10-07:00 Adobe Illustrator CC 22.0 (Macintosh) / Print False False 1 792.000000 612.000000 Points Cyan
Magenta Yellow Black Default Swatch Group 0 White RGB PROCESS 255 255 255 Black RGB PROCESS 35 31 32 CMYK Red RGB
PROCESS 236 28 36 CMYK Yellow RGB PROCESS 255 241 0 CMYK Green RGB PROCESS 0 165 81 CMYK Cyan RGB PROCESS 0 173 238
CMYK Blue RGB PROCESS 46 49 145 CMYK Magenta RGB PROCESS 235 0 139 C=15 M=100 Y=90 K=10 RGB PROCESS 190 30 45 C=0 M=90
Y=85 K=0 RGB PROCESS 238 64 54 C=0 M=80 Y=95 K=0 RGB PROCESS 240 90 40 C=0 M=50 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 246 146 30 C=0
M=35 Y=85 K=0 RGB PROCESS 250 175 64 C=5 M=0 Y=90 K=0 RGB PROCESS 249 236 49 C=20 M=0 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 214 222 35
C=50 M=0 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 139 197 63 C=75 M=0 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 55 179 74 C=85 M=10 Y=100 K=10 RGB PROCESS 0
147 69 C=90 M=30 Y=95 K=30 RGB PROCESS 0 104 56 C=75 M=0 Y=75 K=0 RGB PROCESS 41 180 115 C=80 M=10 Y=45 K=0 RGB PROCESS
0 166 156 C=70 M=15 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 37 169 224 C=85 M=50 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 27 117 187 C=100 M=95 Y=5 K=0 RGB
PROCESS 43 56 143 C=100 M=100 Y=25 K=25 RGB PROCESS 38 34 97 C=75 M=100 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 101 45 144 C=50 M=100 Y=0
K=0 RGB PROCESS 144 39 142 C=35 M=100 Y=35 K=10 RGB PROCESS 158 31 99 C=10 M=100 Y=50 K=0 RGB PROCESS 217 28 92 C=0
M=95 Y=20 K=0 RGB PROCESS 236 41 123 C=25 M=25 Y=40 K=0 RGB PROCESS 193 180 154 C=40 M=45 Y=50 K=5 RGB PROCESS 154 132
121 C=50 M=50 Y=60 K=25 RGB PROCESS 113 101 88 C=55 M=60 Y=65 K=40 RGB PROCESS 90 74 66 C=25 M=40 Y=65 K=0 RGB PROCESS
195 153 107 C=30 M=50 Y=75 K=10 RGB PROCESS 168 124 79 C=35 M=60 Y=80 K=25 RGB PROCESS 138 93 59 C=40 M=65 Y=90 K=35
RGB PROCESS 117 76 40 C=40 M=70 Y=100 K=50 RGB PROCESS 96 56 19 C=50 M=70 Y=80 K=70 RGB PROCESS 59 35 20 Grays 1 C=0
M=0 Y=0 K=100 RGB PROCESS 35 31 32 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=90 RGB PROCESS 64 64 65 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=80 RGB PROCESS 88 89 91 C=0 M=0
Y=0 K=70 RGB PROCESS 109 110 112 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=60 RGB PROCESS 128 129 132 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=50 RGB PROCESS 146 148 151 C=0
M=0 Y=0 K=40 RGB PROCESS 166 168 171 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=30 RGB PROCESS 187 189 191 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=20 RGB PROCESS 208 210 211
C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=10 RGB PROCESS 230 231 232 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=5 RGB PROCESS 241 241 242 Brights 1 C=0 M=100 Y=100 K=0 RGB
PROCESS 236 28 36 C=0 M=75 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 241 101 34 C=0 M=10 Y=95 K=0 RGB PROCESS 255 221 21 C=85 M=10 Y=100
K=0 RGB PROCESS 0 161 75 C=100 M=90 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 34 64 153 C=60 M=90 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 127 63 151 Adobe PDF
library 10.01 endstream endobj 1 0 obj
<>/PageTransformationMatrixList<>/PageUIDList<>/PageWidthList<>>>>>/Resources<>/ExtGState<>/Font<>/Pattern<>/ProcSet[/PD
2023-07-13T13:18:16-04:00 2023-09-22T14:47:57-05:00 2023-09-22T14:47:57-05:00 Adobe InDesign 18.4 (Macintosh)
uuid:62a18c44-ec16-4ff6-9990-1cd4a6d72017 xmp.did:92db5277-9d80-48df-91f5-64b1a9203f29
xmp.id:6587d9d1-48a3-482a-a045-e776a713d81b proof:pdf xmp.iid:9485fe87-890a-4e48-b3ac-5634619b1e72
xmp.did:e7969022-493a-4c97-8786-1eaf428f1de2 xmp.did:92db5277-9d80-48df-91f5-64b1a9203f29 default converted from
application/x-indesign to application/pdf Adobe InDesign 18.4 (Macintosh) / 2023-07-13T13:18:16-04:00 True
<>/Filter/FlateDecode/ID[<747F515131EB416FA71978321EB70DCF><250BF38DF6BF0A4B9CF62C1D6C36EB7F>]/Info 86 0 R/Length
endstream endobj startxref 116 %%EOF
Title: 
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/static/f0dcef087580dcd62b83488eac965406/FY_FinAidLetter_CAReady_2023.04.04.pdf 
00000 n 0000005066 00000 n 0000005093 00000 n 0000005239 00000 n 0000005383 00000 n 0000005497 00000 n 0000006958 00000
n 0000007983 00000 n 0000008011 00000 n 0000008546 00000 n 0000008583 00000 n 0000008695 00000 n 0000008802 00000 n
0000009312 00000 n 0000009884 00000 n 0000010539 00000 n 0000010636 00000 n 0000011413 00000 n 0000011841 00000 n
0000011943 00000 n 0000012089 00000 n 0000012186 00000 n 0000013608 00000 n 0000015111 00000 n 0000016613 00000 n
0000017696 00000 n 0000018947 00000 n 0000020023 00000 n 0000020143 00000 n 0000022792 00000 n 0000022913 00000 n
0000023033 00000 n 0000023144 00000 n 0000028078 00000 n 0000031323 00000 n 0000064545 00000 n 0000001413 00000 n
0000001116 00000 n trailer <<90F23A9D9160454289FCE6F456CFD4E4>]/Prev 154807/XRefStm 1413>> startxref 0 %%EOF 205 0 obj
R/PageLayout/SinglePage/Pages 18 0 R/StructTreeRoot 21 0 R/Type/Catalog/ViewerPreferences<>>> endobj 167 0 obj <>
endobj 168 0 obj <>/ExtGState<>/Font<>/Pattern<>/ProcSet[/PDF/Text]/Properties<>/Shading<>>>/Rotate 0/StructParents
0/TrimBox[0.0 0.0 612.0 792.0]/Type/Page/PieceInfo</LastModified/NumberOfPageItemsInPage 26/NumberofPages
1/OriginalDocumentID/PageItemUIDToLocationDataMap<>/PageTransformationMatrixList<>/PageUIDList<>/PageWidthList<>>>>>>>
181 0 obj <> endobj 182 0 obj <>stream
Print Gaby Brink 2019-04-15T22:09:10-07:00 2019-04-15T22:09:10-07:00 2019-04-15T22:09:10-07:00 Adobe Illustrator CC
22.0 (Macintosh) xmp.iid:748eb9ba-88e2-4710-b64c-aacdfa58c3d9 xmp.did:748eb9ba-88e2-4710-b64c-aacdfa58c3d9
uuid:5D20892493BFDB11914A8590D31508C8 proof:pdf xmp.iid:e243af5b-1d84-4171-8a29-c1832417ce51
xmp.did:e243af5b-1d84-4171-8a29-c1832417ce51 uuid:5D20892493BFDB11914A8590D31508C8 proof:pdf saved
xmp.iid:7b2c22e5-0d12-4ec6-828b-42c63f277985 2019-02-25T18:17:38-08:00 Adobe Illustrator CC 22.0 (Macintosh) / saved
xmp.iid:f3fc36b1-44ae-4ba9-b7b6-8d9700643b98 2019-02-26T09:35:44-08:00 Adobe Illustrator CC 22.0 (Macintosh) /
converted from application/postscript to application/vnd.adobe.illustrator saved
xmp.iid:1c48f2e7-3780-43dc-99bb-cb60450a0b51 2019-03-22T15:34:35-07:00 Adobe Illustrator CC 22.0 (Macintosh) /
converted from application/postscript to application/vnd.adobe.illustrator converted from application/postscript to
application/vnd.adobe.illustrator converted from application/postscript to application/vnd.adobe.illustrator converted
from application/postscript to application/vnd.adobe.illustrator saved xmp.iid:36c0a0bc-9cd5-4938-99bc-e60c55b22970
2019-04-15T22:07:40-07:00 Adobe Illustrator CC 22.0 (Macintosh) / saved xmp.iid:748eb9ba-88e2-4710-b64c-aacdfa58c3d9
2019-04-15T22:09:10-07:00 Adobe Illustrator CC 22.0 (Macintosh) / Print False False 1 792.000000 612.000000 Points Cyan
Magenta Yellow Black Default Swatch Group 0 White RGB PROCESS 255 255 255 Black RGB PROCESS 35 31 32 CMYK Red RGB
PROCESS 236 28 36 CMYK Yellow RGB PROCESS 255 241 0 CMYK Green RGB PROCESS 0 165 81 CMYK Cyan RGB PROCESS 0 173 238
CMYK Blue RGB PROCESS 46 49 145 CMYK Magenta RGB PROCESS 235 0 139 C=15 M=100 Y=90 K=10 RGB PROCESS 190 30 45 C=0 M=90
Y=85 K=0 RGB PROCESS 238 64 54 C=0 M=80 Y=95 K=0 RGB PROCESS 240 90 40 C=0 M=50 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 246 146 30 C=0
M=35 Y=85 K=0 RGB PROCESS 250 175 64 C=5 M=0 Y=90 K=0 RGB PROCESS 249 236 49 C=20 M=0 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 214 222 35
C=50 M=0 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 139 197 63 C=75 M=0 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 55 179 74 C=85 M=10 Y=100 K=10 RGB PROCESS 0
147 69 C=90 M=30 Y=95 K=30 RGB PROCESS 0 104 56 C=75 M=0 Y=75 K=0 RGB PROCESS 41 180 115 C=80 M=10 Y=45 K=0 RGB PROCESS
0 166 156 C=70 M=15 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 37 169 224 C=85 M=50 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 27 117 187 C=100 M=95 Y=5 K=0 RGB
PROCESS 43 56 143 C=100 M=100 Y=25 K=25 RGB PROCESS 38 34 97 C=75 M=100 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 101 45 144 C=50 M=100 Y=0
K=0 RGB PROCESS 144 39 142 C=35 M=100 Y=35 K=10 RGB PROCESS 158 31 99 C=10 M=100 Y=50 K=0 RGB PROCESS 217 28 92 C=0
M=95 Y=20 K=0 RGB PROCESS 236 41 123 C=25 M=25 Y=40 K=0 RGB PROCESS 193 180 154 C=40 M=45 Y=50 K=5 RGB PROCESS 154 132
121 C=50 M=50 Y=60 K=25 RGB PROCESS 113 101 88 C=55 M=60 Y=65 K=40 RGB PROCESS 90 74 66 C=25 M=40 Y=65 K=0 RGB PROCESS
195 153 107 C=30 M=50 Y=75 K=10 RGB PROCESS 168 124 79 C=35 M=60 Y=80 K=25 RGB PROCESS 138 93 59 C=40 M=65 Y=90 K=35
RGB PROCESS 117 76 40 C=40 M=70 Y=100 K=50 RGB PROCESS 96 56 19 C=50 M=70 Y=80 K=70 RGB PROCESS 59 35 20 Grays 1 C=0
M=0 Y=0 K=100 RGB PROCESS 35 31 32 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=90 RGB PROCESS 64 64 65 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=80 RGB PROCESS 88 89 91 C=0 M=0
Y=0 K=70 RGB PROCESS 109 110 112 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=60 RGB PROCESS 128 129 132 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=50 RGB PROCESS 146 148 151 C=0
M=0 Y=0 K=40 RGB PROCESS 166 168 171 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=30 RGB PROCESS 187 189 191 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=20 RGB PROCESS 208 210 211
C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=10 RGB PROCESS 230 231 232 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=5 RGB PROCESS 241 241 242 Brights 1 C=0 M=100 Y=100 K=0 RGB
PROCESS 236 28 36 C=0 M=75 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 241 101 34 C=0 M=10 Y=95 K=0 RGB PROCESS 255 221 21 C=85 M=10 Y=100
K=0 RGB PROCESS 0 161 75 C=100 M=90 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 34 64 153 C=60 M=90 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 127 63 151 Adobe PDF
library 10.01 endstream endobj 203 0 obj <> endobj 1 0 obj
<>/ExtGState<>/Font<>/Pattern<>/ProcSet[/PDF/Text]/Properties<>/Shading<>>>/Rotate 0/StructParents 2/TrimBox[0.0 0.0
612.0 792.0]/Type/Page/PieceInfo</LastModified/NumberOfPageItemsInPage 13/NumberofPages
1/OriginalDocumentID/PageItemUIDToLocationDataMap<>/PageTransformationMatrixList<>/PageUIDList<>/PageWidthList<>>>>>>>
endobj 2 0 obj [3 0 R 147 0 R] endobj 3 0 obj <>/Border[0 0 0]/H/N/Rect[34.0 758.0 56.3216
endstream endobj 5 0 obj <>stream application/postscript Print Gaby Brink 2019-04-15T22:09:10-07:00
2019-04-15T22:09:10-07:00 2019-04-15T22:09:10-07:00 Adobe Illustrator CC 22.0 (Macintosh)
xmp.iid:748eb9ba-88e2-4710-b64c-aacdfa58c3d9 xmp.did:748eb9ba-88e2-4710-b64c-aacdfa58c3d9
uuid:5D20892493BFDB11914A8590D31508C8 proof:pdf xmp.iid:e243af5b-1d84-4171-8a29-c1832417ce51
xmp.did:e243af5b-1d84-4171-8a29-c1832417ce51 uuid:5D20892493BFDB11914A8590D31508C8 proof:pdf saved
xmp.iid:7b2c22e5-0d12-4ec6-828b-42c63f277985 2019-02-25T18:17:38-08:00 Adobe Illustrator CC 22.0 (Macintosh) / saved
xmp.iid:f3fc36b1-44ae-4ba9-b7b6-8d9700643b98 2019-02-26T09:35:44-08:00 Adobe Illustrator CC 22.0 (Macintosh) /
converted from application/postscript to application/vnd.adobe.illustrator saved
xmp.iid:1c48f2e7-3780-43dc-99bb-cb60450a0b51 2019-03-22T15:34:35-07:00 Adobe Illustrator CC 22.0 (Macintosh) /
converted from application/postscript to application/vnd.adobe.illustrator converted from application/postscript to
application/vnd.adobe.illustrator converted from application/postscript to application/vnd.adobe.illustrator converted
from application/postscript to application/vnd.adobe.illustrator saved xmp.iid:36c0a0bc-9cd5-4938-99bc-e60c55b22970
2019-04-15T22:07:40-07:00 Adobe Illustrator CC 22.0 (Macintosh) / saved xmp.iid:748eb9ba-88e2-4710-b64c-aacdfa58c3d9
2019-04-15T22:09:10-07:00 Adobe Illustrator CC 22.0 (Macintosh) / Print False False 1 792.000000 612.000000 Points Cyan
Magenta Yellow Black Default Swatch Group 0 White RGB PROCESS 255 255 255 Black RGB PROCESS 35 31 32 CMYK Red RGB
PROCESS 236 28 36 CMYK Yellow RGB PROCESS 255 241 0 CMYK Green RGB PROCESS 0 165 81 CMYK Cyan RGB PROCESS 0 173 238
CMYK Blue RGB PROCESS 46 49 145 CMYK Magenta RGB PROCESS 235 0 139 C=15 M=100 Y=90 K=10 RGB PROCESS 190 30 45 C=0 M=90
Y=85 K=0 RGB PROCESS 238 64 54 C=0 M=80 Y=95 K=0 RGB PROCESS 240 90 40 C=0 M=50 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 246 146 30 C=0
M=35 Y=85 K=0 RGB PROCESS 250 175 64 C=5 M=0 Y=90 K=0 RGB PROCESS 249 236 49 C=20 M=0 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 214 222 35
C=50 M=0 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 139 197 63 C=75 M=0 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 55 179 74 C=85 M=10 Y=100 K=10 RGB PROCESS 0
147 69 C=90 M=30 Y=95 K=30 RGB PROCESS 0 104 56 C=75 M=0 Y=75 K=0 RGB PROCESS 41 180 115 C=80 M=10 Y=45 K=0 RGB PROCESS
0 166 156 C=70 M=15 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 37 169 224 C=85 M=50 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 27 117 187 C=100 M=95 Y=5 K=0 RGB
PROCESS 43 56 143 C=100 M=100 Y=25 K=25 RGB PROCESS 38 34 97 C=75 M=100 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 101 45 144 C=50 M=100 Y=0
K=0 RGB PROCESS 144 39 142 C=35 M=100 Y=35 K=10 RGB PROCESS 158 31 99 C=10 M=100 Y=50 K=0 RGB PROCESS 217 28 92 C=0
M=95 Y=20 K=0 RGB PROCESS 236 41 123 C=25 M=25 Y=40 K=0 RGB PROCESS 193 180 154 C=40 M=45 Y=50 K=5 RGB PROCESS 154 132
121 C=50 M=50 Y=60 K=25 RGB PROCESS 113 101 88 C=55 M=60 Y=65 K=40 RGB PROCESS 90 74 66 C=25 M=40 Y=65 K=0 RGB PROCESS
195 153 107 C=30 M=50 Y=75 K=10 RGB PROCESS 168 124 79 C=35 M=60 Y=80 K=25 RGB PROCESS 138 93 59 C=40 M=65 Y=90 K=35
RGB PROCESS 117 76 40 C=40 M=70 Y=100 K=50 RGB PROCESS 96 56 19 C=50 M=70 Y=80 K=70 RGB PROCESS 59 35 20 Grays 1 C=0
M=0 Y=0 K=100 RGB PROCESS 35 31 32 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=90 RGB PROCESS 64 64 65 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=80 RGB PROCESS 88 89 91 C=0 M=0
Y=0 K=70 RGB PROCESS 109 110 112 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=60 RGB PROCESS 128 129 132 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=50 RGB PROCESS 146 148 151 C=0
M=0 Y=0 K=40 RGB PROCESS 166 168 171 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=30 RGB PROCESS 187 189 191 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=20 RGB PROCESS 208 210 211
C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=10 RGB PROCESS 230 231 232 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=5 RGB PROCESS 241 241 242 Brights 1 C=0 M=100 Y=100 K=0 RGB
PROCESS 236 28 36 C=0 M=75 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 241 101 34 C=0 M=10 Y=95 K=0 RGB PROCESS 255 221 21 C=85 M=10 Y=100
K=0 RGB PROCESS 0 161 75 C=100 M=90 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 34 64 153 C=60 M=90 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 127 63 151 Adobe PDF
library 10.01 endstream endobj 6 0 obj <> endobj 7 0 obj <> endobj 8 0 obj
<>/ExtGState<>/Font<>/Pattern<>/ProcSet[/PDF/Text]/Properties<>/Shading<>>>/Rotate 0/StructParents 4/TrimBox[0.0 0.0
612.0 792.0]/Type/Page/PieceInfo</LastModified/NumberOfPageItemsInPage 13/NumberofPages
1/OriginalDocumentID/PageItemUIDToLocationDataMap<>/PageTransformationMatrixList<>/PageUIDList<>/PageWidthList<>>>>>>>
endobj 9 0 obj [10 0 R 139 0 R 136 0 R] endobj 10 0 obj <>/Border[0 0 0]/H/N/Rect[34.0 758.0 56.3216
application/postscript Print Gaby Brink 2019-04-15T22:09:10-07:00 2019-04-15T22:09:10-07:00 2019-04-15T22:09:10-07:00
Adobe Illustrator CC 22.0 (Macintosh) xmp.iid:748eb9ba-88e2-4710-b64c-aacdfa58c3d9
xmp.did:748eb9ba-88e2-4710-b64c-aacdfa58c3d9 uuid:5D20892493BFDB11914A8590D31508C8 proof:pdf
xmp.iid:e243af5b-1d84-4171-8a29-c1832417ce51 xmp.did:e243af5b-1d84-4171-8a29-c1832417ce51
uuid:5D20892493BFDB11914A8590D31508C8 proof:pdf saved xmp.iid:7b2c22e5-0d12-4ec6-828b-42c63f277985
2019-02-25T18:17:38-08:00 Adobe Illustrator CC 22.0 (Macintosh) / saved xmp.iid:f3fc36b1-44ae-4ba9-b7b6-8d9700643b98
2019-02-26T09:35:44-08:00 Adobe Illustrator CC 22.0 (Macintosh) / converted from application/postscript to
application/vnd.adobe.illustrator saved xmp.iid:1c48f2e7-3780-43dc-99bb-cb60450a0b51 2019-03-22T15:34:35-07:00 Adobe
Illustrator CC 22.0 (Macintosh) / converted from application/postscript to application/vnd.adobe.illustrator converted
from application/postscript to application/vnd.adobe.illustrator converted from application/postscript to
application/vnd.adobe.illustrator converted from application/postscript to application/vnd.adobe.illustrator saved
xmp.iid:36c0a0bc-9cd5-4938-99bc-e60c55b22970 2019-04-15T22:07:40-07:00 Adobe Illustrator CC 22.0 (Macintosh) / saved
xmp.iid:748eb9ba-88e2-4710-b64c-aacdfa58c3d9 2019-04-15T22:09:10-07:00 Adobe Illustrator CC 22.0 (Macintosh) / Print
False False 1 792.000000 612.000000 Points Cyan Magenta Yellow Black Default Swatch Group 0 White RGB PROCESS 255 255
255 Black RGB PROCESS 35 31 32 CMYK Red RGB PROCESS 236 28 36 CMYK Yellow RGB PROCESS 255 241 0 CMYK Green RGB PROCESS
0 165 81 CMYK Cyan RGB PROCESS 0 173 238 CMYK Blue RGB PROCESS 46 49 145 CMYK Magenta RGB PROCESS 235 0 139 C=15 M=100
Y=90 K=10 RGB PROCESS 190 30 45 C=0 M=90 Y=85 K=0 RGB PROCESS 238 64 54 C=0 M=80 Y=95 K=0 RGB PROCESS 240 90 40 C=0
M=50 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 246 146 30 C=0 M=35 Y=85 K=0 RGB PROCESS 250 175 64 C=5 M=0 Y=90 K=0 RGB PROCESS 249 236 49
C=20 M=0 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 214 222 35 C=50 M=0 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 139 197 63 C=75 M=0 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 55
179 74 C=85 M=10 Y=100 K=10 RGB PROCESS 0 147 69 C=90 M=30 Y=95 K=30 RGB PROCESS 0 104 56 C=75 M=0 Y=75 K=0 RGB PROCESS
41 180 115 C=80 M=10 Y=45 K=0 RGB PROCESS 0 166 156 C=70 M=15 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 37 169 224 C=85 M=50 Y=0 K=0 RGB
PROCESS 27 117 187 C=100 M=95 Y=5 K=0 RGB PROCESS 43 56 143 C=100 M=100 Y=25 K=25 RGB PROCESS 38 34 97 C=75 M=100 Y=0
K=0 RGB PROCESS 101 45 144 C=50 M=100 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 144 39 142 C=35 M=100 Y=35 K=10 RGB PROCESS 158 31 99 C=10
M=100 Y=50 K=0 RGB PROCESS 217 28 92 C=0 M=95 Y=20 K=0 RGB PROCESS 236 41 123 C=25 M=25 Y=40 K=0 RGB PROCESS 193 180
154 C=40 M=45 Y=50 K=5 RGB PROCESS 154 132 121 C=50 M=50 Y=60 K=25 RGB PROCESS 113 101 88 C=55 M=60 Y=65 K=40 RGB
PROCESS 90 74 66 C=25 M=40 Y=65 K=0 RGB PROCESS 195 153 107 C=30 M=50 Y=75 K=10 RGB PROCESS 168 124 79 C=35 M=60 Y=80
K=25 RGB PROCESS 138 93 59 C=40 M=65 Y=90 K=35 RGB PROCESS 117 76 40 C=40 M=70 Y=100 K=50 RGB PROCESS 96 56 19 C=50
M=70 Y=80 K=70 RGB PROCESS 59 35 20 Grays 1 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=100 RGB PROCESS 35 31 32 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=90 RGB PROCESS 64 64
65 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=80 RGB PROCESS 88 89 91 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=70 RGB PROCESS 109 110 112 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=60 RGB PROCESS 128 129
132 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=50 RGB PROCESS 146 148 151 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=40 RGB PROCESS 166 168 171 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=30 RGB PROCESS 187
189 191 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=20 RGB PROCESS 208 210 211 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=10 RGB PROCESS 230 231 232 C=0 M=0 Y=0 K=5 RGB PROCESS
241 241 242 Brights 1 C=0 M=100 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 236 28 36 C=0 M=75 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 241 101 34 C=0 M=10 Y=95
K=0 RGB PROCESS 255 221 21 C=85 M=10 Y=100 K=0 RGB PROCESS 0 161 75 C=100 M=90 Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 34 64 153 C=60 M=90
Y=0 K=0 RGB PROCESS 127 63 151 Adobe PDF library 10.01 endstream endobj 13 0 obj <> endobj 14 0 obj <> endobj 15 0 obj
2023-04-04T13:05:25-04:00 2023-04-04T13:05:25-04:00 Adobe InDesign 18.2 (Macintosh)
uuid:bc796f9d-f818-c24c-809d-1c286bcdec83 xmp.did:92db5277-9d80-48df-91f5-64b1a9203f29
xmp.id:3396f130-b06f-4057-93c3-384924534eed proof:pdf xmp.iid:b9232c11-8df2-415e-ab05-6247d90ca356
xmp.did:fc004443-20a8-4a2e-954c-07f5ffa8ff9d xmp.did:92db5277-9d80-48df-91f5-64b1a9203f29 default converted from
application/x-indesign to application/pdf Adobe InDesign 18.2 (Macintosh) / 2023-04-04T13:05:24-04:00 True
commonapp.org Adobe PDF Library 17.0 False endstream endobj 20 0 obj <> endobj xref 0 165 0000000000 65535 f 0000064584
00000 n 0000066710 00000 n 0000066741 00000 n 0000066869 00000 n 0000073289 00000 n 0000106509 00000 n 0000106544 00000
n 0000106658 00000 n 0000108783 00000 n 0000108823 00000 n 0000108953 00000 n 0000114661 00000 n 0000147882 00000 n
0000147919 00000 n 0000148034 00000 n 0000148077 00000 n 0000149948 00000 n 0000151268 00000 n 0000151334 00000 n
0000154560 00000 n 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
<>/PageTransformationMatrixList<>/PageUIDList<>/PageWidthList<>>>>>/Resources<>/ExtGState<>/Font<>/Pattern<>/ProcSet[/PD
F/Text]/Properties<>/Shading<>>>/Rotate 0/StructParents 2/Tabs/S/TrimBox[0.0 0.0 612.0 792.0]/Type/Page>> endobj 8 0
obj
<>/PageTransformationMatrixList<>/PageUIDList<>/PageWidthList<>>>>>/Resources<>/ExtGState<>/Font<>/Pattern<>/ProcSet[/PD
F/Text]/Properties<>/Shading<>>>/Rotate 0/StructParents 4/Tabs/S/TrimBox[0.0 0.0 612.0 792.0]/Type/Page>> endobj 19 0
2023-04-04T13:05:24-04:00 2023-04-04T13:07:05-04:00 2023-04-04T13:07:05-04:00 Adobe InDesign 18.2 (Macintosh)
uuid:44353e9f-5fc7-f342-be00-cee65ec54f53 xmp.did:92db5277-9d80-48df-91f5-64b1a9203f29
xmp.id:3396f130-b06f-4057-93c3-384924534eed proof:pdf xmp.iid:b9232c11-8df2-415e-ab05-6247d90ca356
xmp.did:fc004443-20a8-4a2e-954c-07f5ffa8ff9d xmp.did:92db5277-9d80-48df-91f5-64b1a9203f29 default converted from
application/x-indesign to application/pdf Adobe InDesign 18.2 (Macintosh) / 2023-04-04T13:05:24-04:00 True
commonapp.org Adobe PDF Library 17.0 False endstream endobj 20 0 obj <> endobj 168 0 obj
<>/PageTransformationMatrixList<>/PageUIDList<>/PageWidthList<>>>>>/Resources<>/ExtGState<>/Font<>/Pattern<>/ProcSet[/PD
F/Text]/Properties<>/Shading<>>>/Rotate 0/StructParents 0/Tabs/S/TrimBox[0.0 0.0 612.0 792.0]/Type/Page>> endobj xref 0
2 0000000000 65535 f 0000158860 00000 n 8 1 0000160777 00000 n 19 2 0000162693 00000 n 0000167967 00000 n 151 1
0000000000 65535 f 153 1 0000000000 65535 f 168 1 0000168214 00000 n 206 2 0000158235 00000 n 0000158667 00000 n
trailer <<3F150BCF0CB74238AF5730E3A8E82C3B>]/Prev 116>> xref 0 1 0000000000 65535 f trailer
<<3F150BCF0CB74238AF5730E3A8E82C3B>]/Prev 171200/XRefStm 158667>> startxref 171579 %%EOF
Title: 
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/files/writing-guide-for-counselors_0.pdf 
2020-11-24T14:59:08-05:00 2020-11-24T15:05:06-05:00 2020-11-24T15:05:06-05:00 Adobe InDesign 16.0 (Macintosh)
uuid:7a950569-9fba-4f4c-9ef6-27c39b26ac0e xmp.did:92db5277-9d80-48df-91f5-64b1a9203f29
xmp.id:faa33c13-acf7-4ab7-9ab0-8cffc6fd9259 proof:pdf converted from application/x-indesign to application/pdf Adobe
InDesign 16.0 (Macintosh) / 2020-11-24T14:59:08-05:00 xmp.iid:b0a3f3a9-0f7b-4485-9ae3-1563258a74f4
xmp.did:92db5277-9d80-48df-91f5-64b1a9203f29 xmp.did:92db5277-9d80-48df-91f5-64b1a9203f29 default True commonapp.org
Adobe PDF Library 15.0 False endstream endobj 16 0 obj <> endobj 106 0 obj <>/Metadata 15 0 R/OpenAction 107 0
R/Outlines 12 0 R/PageLayout/SinglePage/Pages 14 0 R/StructTreeRoot 17 0 R/Type/Catalog/ViewerPreferences<>>> endobj
endstream endobj 134 0 obj <> endobj 135 0 obj <> endobj 136 0 obj <> endobj 137 0 obj <>/Filter/FlateDecode/Height
138 0 obj <>/Filter/FlateDecode/Height 64/Intent/RelativeColorimetric/Length 3623/Name/X/SMask 137 0
<>/Font<>>>/Fields[]>> endobj 147 0 obj <> endobj 152 0 obj
<>/Filter/FlateDecode/ID[<10E4A934CE2E4859B6A4C9A4671EC4BB><40B54FFD62E14421906D267B307C944F>]/Info 16 0 R/Length
endstream endobj startxref 45217 %%EOF
Title: 
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/files/developing-a-school-profile.pdf 
00000 n 0000004683 00000 n 0000004710 00000 n 0000005203 00000 n 0000005620 00000 n 0000006157 00000 n 0000006418 00000
n 0000006446 00000 n 0000006608 00000 n 0000006722 00000 n 0000006834 00000 n 0000006982 00000 n 0000007243 00000 n
0000007824 00000 n 0000007926 00000 n 0000008023 00000 n 0000008465 00000 n 0000008726 00000 n 0000009678 00000 n
0000010512 00000 n 0000011427 00000 n 0000011924 00000 n 0000012419 00000 n 0000012680 00000 n 0000013636 00000 n
0000014493 00000 n 0000015452 00000 n 0000016426 00000 n 0000017031 00000 n 0000017151 00000 n 0000025487 00000 n
0000031861 00000 n 0000038963 00000 n 0000046530 00000 n 0000046926 00000 n 0000059225 00000 n 0000073000 00000 n
0000001417 00000 n 0000001136 00000 n trailer <]/Prev 89887/XRefStm 1417>> startxref 0 %%EOF 277 0 obj <>stream
R/StructTreeRoot 15 0 R/Type/Catalog/ViewerPreferences<>>> endobj 238 0 obj <> endobj 239 0 obj
<>/ExtGState<>/Font<>/Pattern<>/ProcSet[/PDF/Text/ImageC]/XObject<>>>/Rotate 0/StructParents 0/TrimBox[0.0 0.0 612.0
792.0]/Type/Page/PieceInfo</LastModified/NumberOfPageItemsInPage 21/NumberofPages
1/OriginalDocumentID/PageItemUIDToLocationDataMap<>/PageTransformationMatrixList<>/PageUIDList<>/PageWidthList<>>>>>>>
endobj 240 0 obj [234 0 R] endobj 241 0 obj <> endobj 242 0 obj <> endobj 243 0 obj <> endobj 244 0 obj <> endobj 245 0
obj [/Pattern] endobj 246 0 obj [/Separation/All/DeviceCMYK<>] endobj 247 0 obj <> endobj 248 0 obj <> endobj 249 0 obj
endstream endobj 273 0 obj <>/Filter/FlateDecode/Height 205/Intent/RelativeColorimetric/Length
endobj 274 0 obj <>/Filter/FlateDecode/Height 205/Intent/RelativeColorimetric/Length 13510/Name/X/SMask 273 0
275 0 obj <> endobj 1 0 obj <>/ExtGState<>/Font<>/Pattern<>/ProcSet[/PDF/Text]/XObject<>>>/Rotate 0/StructParents
2/TrimBox[0.0 0.0 612.0 792.0]/Type/Page/PieceInfo</LastModified/NumberOfPageItemsInPage 4/NumberofPages
1/OriginalDocumentID/PageItemUIDToLocationDataMap<>/PageTransformationMatrixList<>/PageUIDList<>/PageWidthList<>>>>>>>
endstream endobj 7 0 obj <> endobj 8 0 obj <>/ExtGState<>/Font<>/Pattern<>/ProcSet[/PDF/Text]>>/Subtype/Form>>stream
2024-05-21T18:28:00-04:00 2024-05-21T18:28:00-04:00 2024-05-21T18:28:00-04:00 Adobe InDesign 19.0 (Macintosh)
uuid:001d7213-8ae0-4241-8bfa-f750b75323b4 xmp.did:92db5277-9d80-48df-91f5-64b1a9203f29
xmp.id:77434600-a35d-40cc-9359-38329bd2e90e proof:pdf xmp.iid:0c4ea90a-e577-4e04-ad7e-47e3c6de5e16
xmp.did:32ac2758-a7be-4d4f-8346-a0e69212ff6b xmp.did:92db5277-9d80-48df-91f5-64b1a9203f29 default converted from
application/x-indesign to application/pdf Adobe InDesign 19.0 (Macintosh) / 2024-05-21T18:28:00-04:00 True
commonapp.org Adobe PDF Library 17.0 False endstream endobj 14 0 obj <> endobj xref 0 236 0000000000 65535 f 0000073061
00000 n 0000074504 00000 n 0000074537 00000 n 0000080570 00000 n 0000080683 00000 n 0000080795 00000 n 0000081189 00000
n 0000081678 00000 n 0000082150 00000 n 0000084276 00000 n 0000085667 00000 n 0000086381 00000 n 0000086441 00000 n
0000089651 00000 n 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
<>/PageTransformationMatrixList<>/PageUIDList<>/PageWidthList<>>>>>/Resources<>/ExtGState<>/Font<>/Pattern<>/ProcSet[/PD
F/Text]/XObject<>>>/Rotate 0/StructParents 2/Tabs/S/TrimBox[0.0 0.0 612.0 792.0]/Type/Page>> endobj 13 0 obj <>stream
2024-05-21T18:29:14-04:00 2024-05-21T18:29:14-04:00 Adobe InDesign 19.0 (Macintosh)
uuid:1a346a5b-9020-eb42-a436-4107425db639 xmp.did:92db5277-9d80-48df-91f5-64b1a9203f29
xmp.id:77434600-a35d-40cc-9359-38329bd2e90e proof:pdf xmp.iid:0c4ea90a-e577-4e04-ad7e-47e3c6de5e16
xmp.did:32ac2758-a7be-4d4f-8346-a0e69212ff6b xmp.did:92db5277-9d80-48df-91f5-64b1a9203f29 default converted from
application/x-indesign to application/pdf Adobe InDesign 19.0 (Macintosh) / 2024-05-21T18:28:00-04:00 True
commonapp.org Adobe PDF Library 17.0 False endstream endobj 14 0 obj <> endobj 239 0 obj
<>/PageTransformationMatrixList<>/PageUIDList<>/PageWidthList<>>>>>/Resources<>/ExtGState<>/Font<>/Pattern<>/ProcSet[/PD
F/Text/ImageC]/XObject<>>>/Rotate 0/StructParents 0/Tabs/S/TrimBox[0.0 0.0 612.0 792.0]/Type/Page>> endobj 278 0 obj
endstream endobj xref 0 2 0000000000 65535 f 0000095241 00000 n 13 2 0000096475 00000 n 0000101733 00000 n 31 1
0000000000 65535 f 190 1 0000000000 65535 f 239 1 0000101969 00000 n 278 4 0000104553 00000 n 0000094735 00000 n
0000094877 00000 n 0000095049 00000 n trailer <<809C8BBC41E6414A955310A3080CCE29>]/Prev 116>> xref 0 1 0000000000 65535
f trailer <<809C8BBC41E6414A955310A3080CCE29>]/Prev 109541/XRefStm 95049>> startxref 109934 %%EOF 13 0 obj <>stream
and details the information that should be included. school profile school counselor tips for maintaining your school
profile 2024-05-21T18:28:00-04:00 2024-05-22T08:57:04-05:00 2024-05-22T08:57:04-05:00 Adobe InDesign 19.0 (Macintosh)
uuid:f9a1141e-45ef-4bcd-bae5-45449c4c2769 xmp.did:92db5277-9d80-48df-91f5-64b1a9203f29
xmp.id:77434600-a35d-40cc-9359-38329bd2e90e proof:pdf xmp.iid:0c4ea90a-e577-4e04-ad7e-47e3c6de5e16
xmp.did:32ac2758-a7be-4d4f-8346-a0e69212ff6b xmp.did:92db5277-9d80-48df-91f5-64b1a9203f29 default converted from
application/x-indesign to application/pdf Adobe InDesign 19.0 (Macintosh) / 2024-05-21T18:28:00-04:00 True
commonapp.org Adobe PDF Library 17.0 False school profile, school counselor, tips for maintaining your school profile
endstream endobj 237 0 obj <>/Metadata 13 0 R/OpenAction 238 0 R/PageLayout/SinglePage/Pages 12 0 R/StructTreeRoot 15 0
R/Type/Catalog/ViewerPreferences<>>> endobj 282 0 obj <>/Font<>>>/Fields[]>> endobj 283 0 obj <> endobj 284 0 obj <>
endobj 285 0 obj <> endobj 286 0 obj <> endobj xref 0 1 0000000000 65535 f 13 1 0000110134 00000 n 237 1 0000116015
00000 n 282 5 0000116253 00000 n 0000116382 00000 n 0000116474 00000 n 0000116552 00000 n 0000117745 00000 n trailer
<<229C464E2F9BF6409432C1DED12D749F>]/Prev 109934>> startxref 118175 %%EOF
Title: 
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/files/writing-effective-letters-recommendation.pdf 
n 0000003394 00000 n 0000003878 00000 n 0000004367 00000 n 0000004402 00000 n 0000004793 00000 n 0000004906 00000 n
0000004998 00000 n 0000005803 00000 n 0000005899 00000 n 0000006430 00000 n 0000006924 00000 n 0000007481 00000 n
0000007592 00000 n 0000008494 00000 n 0000009461 00000 n 0000010371 00000 n 0000011292 00000 n 0000012179 00000 n
0000012981 00000 n 0000013635 00000 n 0000016330 00000 n 0000018978 00000 n 0000022895 00000 n 0000023014 00000 n
0000023109 00000 n 0000023252 00000 n 0000023657 00000 n 0000024160 00000 n 0000027710 00000 n 0000031591 00000 n
0000032274 00000 n 0000001298 00000 n 0000001036 00000 n trailer <<208BD8EDD011434E9418CE254AEF2E95>]/Prev
endobj 62 0 obj <>/Metadata 19 0 R/OpenAction 63 0 R/Outlines 16 0 R/PageLayout/SinglePage/Pages 18 0 R/StructTreeRoot
21 0 R/Type/Catalog/ViewerPreferences<>>> endobj 63 0 obj <> endobj 64 0 obj </LastModified/NumberOfPageItemsInPage
7/NumberofPages
1/OriginalDocumentID/PageItemUIDToLocationDataMap<>/PageTransformationMatrixList<>/PageUIDList<>/PageWidthList<>>>>>/Res
ources<>/ExtGState<>/Font<>/ProcSet[/PDF/Text]/XObject<>>>/Rotate 0/StructParents 0/TrimBox[0.0 0.0 612.0
792.0]/Type/Page>> endobj 65 0 obj <> endobj 66 0 obj <>stream
endobj 68 0 obj <> endobj 69 0 obj <> endobj 70 0 obj <> endobj 71 0 obj <>stream
obj <> endobj 92 0 obj <>/Filter/FlateDecode/Height 64/Intent/RelativeColorimetric/Length
93 0 obj <>/Filter/FlateDecode/Height 64/Intent/RelativeColorimetric/Length 3623/Name/X/SMask 92 0
endobj 94 0 obj <>/ExtGState<>/Font<>/ProcSet[/PDF/Text/ImageC]/Shading<>/XObject<>>>/Subtype/Form>>stream
</LastModified/NumberOfPageItemsInPage 6/NumberofPages
1/OriginalDocumentID/PageItemUIDToLocationDataMap<>/PageTransformationMatrixList<>/PageUIDList<>/PageWidthList<>>>>>/Res
ources<>/ExtGState<>/Font<>/Pattern<>/ProcSet[/PDF/Text]/XObject<>>>/Rotate 0/StructParents 1/TrimBox[0.0 0.0 612.0
obj <> endobj 11 0 obj <>/Filter/FlateDecode/Height 40/Intent/RelativeColorimetric/Length
2020-11-24T14:35:05-05:00 2020-11-24T14:35:05-05:00 Adobe InDesign 16.0 (Macintosh)
uuid:a2a08009-9ab5-d84d-8e4b-e30a02401ca1 xmp.did:92db5277-9d80-48df-91f5-64b1a9203f29
xmp.id:7a99d604-a2bb-4d77-88fc-6f4a4132da54 proof:pdf xmp.iid:a9c4aa53-4a48-4117-ac34-d58f659dba1b
xmp.did:0efa562b-9769-434c-b968-79bb6efa46cd xmp.did:92db5277-9d80-48df-91f5-64b1a9203f29 default converted from
application/x-indesign to application/pdf Adobe InDesign 16.0 (Macintosh) / 2020-11-24T14:35:05-05:00 True Adobe PDF
Library 15.0 False endstream endobj 20 0 obj <> endobj xref 0 61 0000000000 65535 f 0000032331 00000 n 0000033889 00000
n 0000036121 00000 n 0000036506 00000 n 0000036599 00000 n 0000036740 00000 n 0000036845 00000 n 0000037463 00000 n
0000037506 00000 n 0000037910 00000 n 0000038412 00000 n 0000039220 00000 n 0000039995 00000 n 0000040708 00000 n
0000040765 00000 n 0000040792 00000 n 0000040835 00000 n 0000041774 00000 n 0000041833 00000 n 0000044964 00000 n
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f
0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f trailer
endstream endobj 101 0 obj <>/Filter/FlateDecode/Index[33 1 35 1 37 1 39 1 41 2 45 4 52 1 54 1 56 1 58 1 100 2]/Length
<>/PageTransformationMatrixList<>/PageUIDList<>/PageWidthList<>>>>>/Resources<>/ExtGState<>/Font<>/Pattern<>/ProcSet[/PD
F/Text]/XObject<>>>/Rotate 0/StructParents 1/Tabs/S/TrimBox[0.0 0.0 612.0 792.0]/Type/Page>> endobj 13 0 obj
Common App, Inc. 2020-11-24T14:35:05-05:00 2020-11-24T14:39:21-05:00 2020-11-24T14:39:21-05:00 Adobe InDesign 16.0
(Macintosh) uuid:d4d34195-8f64-1e4e-89d7-c6d23b728df2 xmp.did:92db5277-9d80-48df-91f5-64b1a9203f29
xmp.id:7a99d604-a2bb-4d77-88fc-6f4a4132da54 proof:pdf xmp.iid:a9c4aa53-4a48-4117-ac34-d58f659dba1b
xmp.did:0efa562b-9769-434c-b968-79bb6efa46cd xmp.did:92db5277-9d80-48df-91f5-64b1a9203f29 default converted from
application/x-indesign to application/pdf Adobe InDesign 16.0 (Macintosh) / 2020-11-24T14:35:05-05:00 True Adobe PDF
Library 15.0 False endstream endobj 20 0 obj <> endobj 64 0 obj
<>/PageTransformationMatrixList<>/PageUIDList<>/PageWidthList<>>>>>/Resources<>/ExtGState<>/Font<>/ProcSet[/PDF/Text]/XO
bject<>>>/Rotate 0/StructParents 0/Tabs/S/TrimBox[0.0 0.0 612.0 792.0]/Type/Page>> endobj 94 0 obj
2 0000049290 00000 n 0000054469 00000 n 33 1 0000000000 65535 f 35 1 0000000000 65535 f 37 1 0000000000 65535 f 39 1
0000000000 65535 f 41 2 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 45 4 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 0000000000
65535 f 0000000000 65535 f 52 1 0000000000 65535 f 54 1 0000000000 65535 f 56 1 0000000000 65535 f 58 1 0000000000
65535 f 64 1 0000054699 00000 n 94 1 0000056130 00000 n 98 4 0000056814 00000 n 0000059001 00000 n 0000046540 00000 n
0000046958 00000 n trailer <<4E21608C971940C38808D1844B5550E0>]/Prev 116>> xref 0 1 0000000000 65535 f trailer
<<4E21608C971940C38808D1844B5550E0>]/Prev 63730/XRefStm 46958>> startxref 64459 %%EOF
Title: The Common App for transfer Help Center - Liaison
 url: https://help.liaisonedu.com/The_Common_App_for_transfer_Help_Center 
 The Common App for transfer Help Center - Liaison Skip to main content Search site Search Search Go back to previous
article Username Password Sign in Sign in Sign in Forgot password Expand/collapse global hierarchy Home The Common App
for transfer Help Center Expand/collapse global location The Common App for transfer Help Center Last updated Save as
PDF Just getting started? Review The Common App for transfer Quick Start Guide.Any questions? Contact us for support.
Got feedback? Send your ideas to help us improve your experience. Just getting started? Review The Common App for
transfer Quick Start Guide. Any questions? Contact us for support. Got feedback? Send your ideas to help us improve
your experience. Starting Your Common App for transferGet started with an overview of the process, important dates and
fees, and contact information.Getting Started with Your Common App for transferCreating and Managing Your Common App
for transfer AccountAdding and Deleting Common App for transfer ProgramsFilling Out Your Common App for
transferComplete the application's four core sections: Personal Information, Academic History, Supporting Information,
and Program Materials.Common App for transfer Personal InformationCommon App for transfer Academic HistoryCommon App
for transfer Supporting InformationCommon App for transfer Program MaterialsSending Your Official Transcripts to The
Common App for transferLearn how to send your official transcripts to us so we can post them to your account.Sending
Official Transcripts to The Common App for transferSubmitting and Monitoring Your Common App for transferOnce you
submit your application, monitor the status and follow up on any necessary actions.Before and After You Submit Your
Common App for transfer Back to top Disputing and Correcting CASPA Course Subjects and GPAs Starting Your Common App
Title: Common App Counselor Newsletter
 url:
https://mailchi.mp/commonapp/counselor-newsletter-signup?utm_source=org-pages&utm_medium=website&utm_campaign=transfer 
 Common App Counselor Newsletter Sign up for Common App's monthly newsletter! We know that you have a lot to balance as
you help your students figure out the next step in their journey to and through college. You have their backs - and we
have yours. Each month, we share the latest updates from the Common App team, resources to help you support students,
news, events, and much more. Thank you so much for all you do!
Title: 
 url: https://qrcodes.pro/G3nj3y 
Title: You can now apply to City Year on the Common App
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/blog/you-can-now-apply-city-year-common-app 
 You can now apply to City Year on the Common AppFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy college mattersPaying for
collegeYour path to collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer
application guideDownload mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender
guideTransfer advisorsNews and updatesSign inCreate an accountYou can now apply to City Year on the Common AppFacebook
iconTwitter iconLinkedin iconBy Genesis TollanOctober 25, 2023Can you tell us a little bit about the inspiration behind
City Year and its history? This is the first time Common App has had a service organization on its application. Can you
expect during their year with City Year? What kind of skills will high school graduates gain through a year of service
with City Year that can help them later in their careers?How can students find City Year on the Common App? What does
2024Reminder: Common App system refreshJuly 19, 2024123See more newsThe Common ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding
principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a
memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn iconYoutube iconInstagram iconTerms of
Title: The Common App 2020-2021 essay prompts
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/blog/common-app-2020-2021-essay-prompts 
 The Common App 2020-2021 essay promptsFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy college mattersPaying for collegeYour path to
collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer application guideDownload
mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender guideTransfer advisorsNews and
updatesSign inCreate an accountThe Common App 2020-2021 essay promptsFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedin iconBy Scott
system refreshJuly 19, 2024123See more newsThe Common ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our
boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect
with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn iconYoutube iconInstagram iconTerms of usePrivacy policyFraud
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/blog/common-app-announces-2024-2025-common-app-essay-prompts 
collegeYour path to collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer
application guideDownload mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender
promptsFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedin iconBy Common AppFebruary 27, 2024News and updatesMake the most of your
and universitiesAugust 01, 2024Reminder: Common App system refreshJuly 19, 2024123See more newsThe Common
ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and
insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn
Common Application, Inc
Title: The Transfer-Ready Imperative
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/blog/transfer-ready-imperative 
 The Transfer-Ready ImperativeFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy college mattersPaying for collegeYour path to
collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer application guideDownload
mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender guideTransfer advisorsNews and
updatesSign inCreate an accountThe Transfer-Ready ImperativeFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedin iconBy Jen DavisMay 19,
application season with over 1,100 colleges and universitiesAugust 01, 2024Reminder: Common App system refreshJuly 19,
2024123See more newsThe Common ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext
ChapterPartnersReports and insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with
#commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn iconYoutube iconInstagram iconTerms of usePrivacy policyFraud policyCookie
Title: Highlights from the Illuminate 2023 conference
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/blog/highlights-illuminate-2023-conference 
 Highlights from the Illuminate 2023 conferenceFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy college mattersPaying for collegeYour
path to collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer application
guideDownload mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender guideTransfer
advisorsNews and updatesSign inCreate an accountHighlights from the Illuminate 2023 conferenceFacebook iconTwitter
2024Reminder: Common App system refreshJuly 19, 2024123See more newsThe Common ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding
principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a
memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn iconYoutube iconInstagram iconTerms of
Title: Common App resource round-up
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/blog/common-app-resources-round-up-2024 
 Common App resource round-upFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy college mattersPaying for collegeYour path to
collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer application guideDownload
mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender guideTransfer advisorsNews and
updatesSign inCreate an accountCommon App resource round-upFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedin iconBy Michaela AlcornJuly
application season with over 1,100 colleges and universitiesAugust 01, 2024Reminder: Common App system refreshJuly 19,
2024123See more newsThe Common ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext
ChapterPartnersReports and insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with
#commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn iconYoutube iconInstagram iconTerms of usePrivacy policyFraud policyCookie
Title: 2019-2020 Common App essay prompts
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/blog/2019-2020-common-app-essay-prompts 
 2019-2020 Common App essay promptsFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy college mattersPaying for collegeYour path to
collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer application guideDownload
mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender guideTransfer advisorsNews and
updatesSign inCreate an account2019-2020 Common App essay promptsFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedin iconBy Jen
refreshJuly 19, 2024123See more newsThe Common ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our
boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect
with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn iconYoutube iconInstagram iconTerms of usePrivacy policyFraud
Title: Serving those who have served: Common App's commitment to veterans
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/blog/serving-those-who-have-served-common-apps-commitment-veterans 
 Serving those who have served: Common App's commitment to veteransFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy college
mattersPaying for collegeYour path to collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay
promptsTransfer application guideDownload mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready
toolkitRecommender guideTransfer advisorsNews and updatesSign inCreate an accountServing those who have served: Common
App's commitment to veteransFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedin iconBy Jen DavisNovember 11, 2018News and updatesMake the
1,100 colleges and universitiesAugust 01, 2024Reminder: Common App system refreshJuly 19, 2024123See more newsThe
Common ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and
insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn
Common Application, Inc
Title: Common App launches third round of direct admissions pilot with 14 colleges and universities
 url:
https://www.commonapp.org/blog/common-app-launches-third-round-direct-admissions-pilot-14-colleges-and-universities 
 Common App launches third round of direct admissions pilot with 14 colleges and universitiesFind a collegePlan for
collegeWhy college mattersPaying for collegeYour path to collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and
resourcesEssay promptsTransfer application guideDownload mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App
Ready toolkitRecommender guideTransfer advisorsNews and updatesSign inCreate an accountCommon App launches third round
of direct admissions pilot with 14 colleges and universitiesFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedin iconBy Emma
refreshJuly 19, 2024123See more newsThe Common ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our
boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect
with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn iconYoutube iconInstagram iconTerms of usePrivacy policyFraud
Title: Washington State University applications surge with help from Common App
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/blog/washington-state-university-applications-surge-help-common-app 
 Washington State University applications surge with help from Common AppFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy college
mattersPaying for collegeYour path to collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay
promptsTransfer application guideDownload mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready
toolkitRecommender guideTransfer advisorsNews and updatesSign inCreate an accountWashington State University
applications surge with help from Common AppFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedin iconBy Elyse ArmstrongMarch 07,
2024Because all of the participating universities use Common App, students can shift their focus from how to apply to
college to determining which school is the best fit for them. For Washington State University specifically, membership
in Common App has translated into record growth. This fall, it enrolled 21,923 undergraduates, its largest cohort of
Brewick, WSU Director of Admissions, PullmanExpand your reach with Common AppConnect with usNews and updatesMake the
1,100 colleges and universitiesAugust 01, 2024Reminder: Common App system refreshJuly 19, 2024123See more newsThe
Common ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and
insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn
Common Application, Inc
Title: Reminder: Common App system refresh
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/blog/reminder-common-app-system-refresh-1 
 Reminder: Common App system refreshFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy college mattersPaying for collegeYour path to
collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer application guideDownload
mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender guideTransfer advisorsNews and
updatesSign inCreate an accountReminder: Common App system refreshFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedin iconBy Common
refreshJuly 19, 2024123See more newsThe Common ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our
boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect
with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn iconYoutube iconInstagram iconTerms of usePrivacy policyFraud
Title: Common App joins forces with the state of Connecticut to connect more students to college opportunities
 url:
https://www.commonapp.org/blog/common-app-joins-forces-state-connecticut-connect-more-students-college-opportunities 
 Common App joins forces with the state of Connecticut to connect more students to college opportunitiesFind a
collegePlan for collegeWhy college mattersPaying for collegeYour path to collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application
guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer application guideDownload mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender
systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender guideTransfer advisorsNews and updatesSign inCreate an accountCommon App
joins forces with the state of Connecticut to connect more students to college opportunitiesFacebook iconTwitter
2024Reminder: Common App system refreshJuly 19, 2024123See more newsThe Common ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding
principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a
memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn iconYoutube iconInstagram iconTerms of
Title: Common App's growing ties with Native American-Serving Institutions
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/blog/common-apps-growing-ties-native-american-serving-institutions 
 Common App's growing ties with Native American-Serving InstitutionsFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy college
mattersPaying for collegeYour path to collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay
promptsTransfer application guideDownload mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready
toolkitRecommender guideTransfer advisorsNews and updatesSign inCreate an accountCommon App's growing ties with Native
American-Serving InstitutionsFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedin iconBy Wilvena McDowellDecember 11, 2023Applications
from underrepresented (URM) students saw a significant increase between the 2020-21 and 2022-23 application years,
aligning with the growth of MSIs joining Common App in the same timeframe.News and updatesMake the most of your college
universitiesAugust 01, 2024Reminder: Common App system refreshJuly 19, 2024123See more newsThe Common
ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and
insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn
Common Application, Inc
Title: Common App system refresh: July 28-31
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/blog/common-app-system-refresh-july-28-31-2020 
 Common App system refresh: July 28-31Find a collegePlan for collegeWhy college mattersPaying for collegeYour path to
collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer application guideDownload
mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender guideTransfer advisorsNews and
updatesSign inCreate an accountCommon App system refresh: July 28-31Facebook iconTwitter iconLinkedin iconBy Jen
DavisJuly 20, 2020This year, the 2019-2020 Common App for first-year applicants will be offline from July 28-31, 2020
in preparation for the launch of the 2020-2021 application on August 1. Additionally, the transfer application will
refreshJuly 19, 2024123See more newsThe Common ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our
boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect
with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn iconYoutube iconInstagram iconTerms of usePrivacy policyFraud
Title: New research: Trends in parental education & family structures over time
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/blog/new-research-trends-parental-education-family-structures-over-time 
 New research: Trends in parental education & family structures over timeFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy college
mattersPaying for collegeYour path to collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay
promptsTransfer application guideDownload mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready
toolkitRecommender guideTransfer advisorsNews and updatesSign inCreate an accountNew research: Trends in parental
education & family structures over timeFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedin iconBy Data Analytics and ResearchDecember 14,
application season with over 1,100 colleges and universitiesAugust 01, 2024Reminder: Common App system refreshJuly 19,
2024123See more newsThe Common ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext
ChapterPartnersReports and insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with
#commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn iconYoutube iconInstagram iconTerms of usePrivacy policyFraud policyCookie
Title: Celebrating Student Parent Month: Common App members making a difference
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/blog/celebrating-student-parent-month-common-app-members-making-difference 
 Celebrating Student Parent Month: Common App members making a differenceFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy college
mattersPaying for collegeYour path to collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay
promptsTransfer application guideDownload mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready
toolkitRecommender guideTransfer advisorsNews and updatesSign inCreate an accountCelebrating Student Parent Month:
Common App members making a differenceFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedin iconBy Dr. Joisanne RodgersOctober 02,
2023Batanya: Before we start, can you give us a quick overview of George Mason University?Batanya: Why is it important
parents face when seeking higher education? Batanya: What should student parents look for when choosing a
college?Batanya: What is GMU doing to support student parents seeking higher education? Director of Contemporary
2024Reminder: Common App system refreshJuly 19, 2024123See more newsThe Common ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding
principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a
memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn iconYoutube iconInstagram iconTerms of
Title: Common App welcomes three new members to the 2023-2024 Board of Directors
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/blog/common-app-welcomes-three-new-members-2023-2024-board-directors 
 Common App welcomes three new members to the 2023-2024 Board of DirectorsFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy college
mattersPaying for collegeYour path to collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay
promptsTransfer application guideDownload mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready
toolkitRecommender guideTransfer advisorsNews and updatesSign inCreate an accountCommon App welcomes three new members
members dedicate their time, talent, and passion to advance access, equity, and integrity in the college admission
process. They are laser-focused on our mission, and their leadership makes our membership organization stronger. We are
and universitiesAugust 01, 2024Reminder: Common App system refreshJuly 19, 2024123See more newsThe Common
ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and
insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn
Common Application, Inc
Title: Congratulations! You did it!
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/blog/congratulations-you-did-it 
 Congratulations! You did it!Find a collegePlan for collegeWhy college mattersPaying for collegeYour path to
collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer application guideDownload
mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender guideTransfer advisorsNews and
updatesSign inCreate an accountCongratulations! You did it!Facebook iconTwitter iconLinkedin iconBy Jen DavisJanuary
application season with over 1,100 colleges and universitiesAugust 01, 2024Reminder: Common App system refreshJuly 19,
2024123See more newsThe Common ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext
ChapterPartnersReports and insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with
#commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn iconYoutube iconInstagram iconTerms of usePrivacy policyFraud policyCookie
Title: [Webinar] What's new with Common App for transfer?
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/blog/webinar-whats-new-common-app-transfer 
 [Webinar] What's new with Common App for transfer?Find a collegePlan for collegeWhy college mattersPaying for
collegeYour path to collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer
application guideDownload mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender
guideTransfer advisorsNews and updatesSign inCreate an account[Webinar] What's new with Common App for
transfer?Facebook iconTwitter iconLinkedin iconBy Meredith LombardiSeptember 12, 2019News and updatesMake the most of
colleges and universitiesAugust 01, 2024Reminder: Common App system refreshJuly 19, 2024123See more newsThe Common
ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and
insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn
Common Application, Inc
Title: What is FAFSA, and why is it important?
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/blog/what-fafsa-and-why-it-important 
 What is FAFSA, and why is it important?Find a collegePlan for collegeWhy college mattersPaying for collegeYour path to
collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer application guideDownload
mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender guideTransfer advisorsNews and
updatesSign inCreate an accountWhat is FAFSA, and why is it important?Facebook iconTwitter iconLinkedin iconBy Jacob
Boillat, Senior Program Manager for Student Engagement at Common AppFebruary 05, 2024Who needs to complete the
refreshJuly 19, 2024123See more newsThe Common ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our
boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect
with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn iconYoutube iconInstagram iconTerms of usePrivacy policyFraud
Title: Aspiring college students can now apply via mobile app
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/blog/aspiring-college-students-can-now-complete-their-application-mobile-app 
 Aspiring college students can now apply via mobile appFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy college mattersPaying for
collegeYour path to collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer
application guideDownload mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender
guideTransfer advisorsNews and updatesSign inCreate an accountAspiring college students can now apply via mobile
App system refreshJuly 19, 2024123See more newsThe Common ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin
our boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a
memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn iconYoutube iconInstagram iconTerms of
Title: Member Moments: Muhlenberg College establishes Phi Theta Kappa scholarship program for community college
students
 url:
https://www.commonapp.org/blog/member-moments-muhlenberg-college-establishes-phi-theta-kappa-scholarship-program-communi
ty 
 Member Moments: Muhlenberg College establishes Phi Theta Kappa scholarship program for community college studentsFind
a collegePlan for collegeWhy college mattersPaying for collegeYour path to collegeApply to collegeFirst-year
application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer application guideDownload mobile appSupport your
studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender guideTransfer advisorsNews and updatesSign inCreate an
accountMember Moments: Muhlenberg College establishes Phi Theta Kappa scholarship program for community college
studentsFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedin iconBy Jen DavisApril 10, 2019News and updatesMake the most of your college
universitiesAugust 01, 2024Reminder: Common App system refreshJuly 19, 2024123See more newsThe Common
ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and
insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn
Common Application, Inc
Title: 2021-2022 Common App essay prompts
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/blog/2021-2022-common-app-essay-prompts 
 2021-2022 Common App essay promptsFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy college mattersPaying for collegeYour path to
collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer application guideDownload
mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender guideTransfer advisorsNews and
updatesSign inCreate an account2021-2022 Common App essay promptsFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedin iconBy Scott
the Common Application Advisory Committee, I appreciated learning about the careful and deliberative process, involving
a variety of counseling and student stakeholders, to recommend these revisions to the essay prompts. During these
difficult times, it will be encouraging for students and those reviewing these essay responses to be reminded of the
system refreshJuly 19, 2024123See more newsThe Common ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our
boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect
with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn iconYoutube iconInstagram iconTerms of usePrivacy policyFraud
Title: Driving Growth: See how these universities boosted enrollment
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/blog/driving-growth-see-how-these-universities-boosted-enrollment 
 Driving Growth: See how these universities boosted enrollmentFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy college mattersPaying
for collegeYour path to collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer
application guideDownload mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender
guideTransfer advisorsNews and updatesSign inCreate an accountDriving Growth: See how these universities boosted
enrollmentFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedin iconBy Elyse ArmstrongApril 18, 2024Reach your recruitment goalsConnect
refreshJuly 19, 2024123See more newsThe Common ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our
boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect
with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn iconYoutube iconInstagram iconTerms of usePrivacy policyFraud
Title: Guest Post: National College Access Network's 'Form Your Future' offers free tools to help boost FAFSA
completion
 url:
https://www.commonapp.org/blog/guest-post-national-college-access-networks-form-your-future-offers-free-tools-help-boost
 Guest Post: National College Access Network's 'Form Your Future' offers free tools to help boost FAFSA completionFind
a collegePlan for collegeWhy college mattersPaying for collegeYour path to collegeApply to collegeFirst-year
application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer application guideDownload mobile appSupport your
studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender guideTransfer advisorsNews and updatesSign inCreate an
accountGuest Post: National College Access Network's 'Form Your Future' offers free tools to help boost FAFSA
completionFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedin iconBy Kelly Mae Ross & Jack PorterMarch 26, 2019News and updatesMake the
1,100 colleges and universitiesAugust 01, 2024Reminder: Common App system refreshJuly 19, 2024123See more newsThe
Common ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and
insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn
Common Application, Inc
Title: 2022-2023 Common App Essay Prompts
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/blog/2022-2023-common-app-essay-prompts 
 2022-2023 Common App Essay PromptsFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy college mattersPaying for collegeYour path to
collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer application guideDownload
mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender guideTransfer advisorsNews and
updatesSign inCreate an account2022-2023 Common App Essay PromptsFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedin iconBy Scott
students understand the aspects of their lives that colleges are curious about."Scott Anderson, Senior Director, Common
application season with over 1,100 colleges and universitiesAugust 01, 2024Reminder: Common App system refreshJuly 19,
2024123See more newsThe Common ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext
ChapterPartnersReports and insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with
#commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn iconYoutube iconInstagram iconTerms of usePrivacy policyFraud policyCookie
Title: Expanding access and equity through grant funding partnerships
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/blog/expanding-access-and-equity 
 Expanding access and equity through grant funding partnershipsFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy college mattersPaying
for collegeYour path to collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer
application guideDownload mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender
guideTransfer advisorsNews and updatesSign inCreate an accountExpanding access and equity through grant funding
partnershipsFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedin iconBy Emma SteeleJuly 14, 2020News and updatesMake the most of your
and universitiesAugust 01, 2024Reminder: Common App system refreshJuly 19, 2024123See more newsThe Common
ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and
insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn
Common Application, Inc
Title: Unpacking the rural and small town student experience
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/blog/unpacking-rural-and-small-town-student-experience 
 Unpacking the rural and small town student experienceFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy college mattersPaying for
collegeYour path to collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer
application guideDownload mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender
guideTransfer advisorsNews and updatesSign inCreate an accountUnpacking the rural and small town student
experienceFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedin iconBy Jen DavisNovember 26, 2019"What we have learned through partnering
with this population of counselors is that they and their students face a unique set of barriers that often inhibit
their access to information about higher education opportunities."Dustin Lynn, Director of College Counseling at Battle
system refreshJuly 19, 2024123See more newsThe Common ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our
boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect
with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn iconYoutube iconInstagram iconTerms of usePrivacy policyFraud
 url:
https://www.commonapp.org/blog/common-app-launches-2023-2024-application-season-50-new-member-colleges-and-universities
collegeWhy college mattersPaying for collegeYour path to collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and
resourcesEssay promptsTransfer application guideDownload mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App
application season with 50 new member colleges and universitiesFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedin iconBy Emma
colleges and universities, including 15 Minority-Serving Institutions for students to explore. Thanks to our
increasingly diverse membership, all students, regardless of their background, have the opportunity to pursue their
college dreams.Jenny Rickard, President and CEO of Common AppThe Common ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding
principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a
memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn iconYoutube iconInstagram iconTerms of
Title: Democratizing access to higher education
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/blog/democratizing-access-higher-education 
 Democratizing access to higher educationFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy college mattersPaying for collegeYour path
to collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer application
guideDownload mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender guideTransfer
advisorsNews and updatesSign inCreate an accountDemocratizing access to higher educationFacebook iconTwitter
iconLinkedin iconBy Alexandra SlackMay 28, 2020"By delivering the course with the support of a classroom teacher, the
model reduces the retention challenges many traditional online courses face. The power of teachers can hardly be
overstated, and this model is no exception. Teachers help support and engage students, in ways that traditional online
colleges and universitiesAugust 01, 2024Reminder: Common App system refreshJuly 19, 2024123See more newsThe Common
ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and
insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn
Common Application, Inc
Title: Beating the Odds Summit: Nobody successful gets through it alone
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/blog/beating-odds-summit-2019-nobody-who-successful-college-gets-through-it-alone 
 Beating the Odds Summit: Nobody successful gets through it aloneFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy college
mattersPaying for collegeYour path to collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay
promptsTransfer application guideDownload mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready
toolkitRecommender guideTransfer advisorsNews and updatesSign inCreate an accountBeating the Odds Summit: Nobody
successful gets through it aloneFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedin iconBy Jen DavisJuly 24, 2019Beating the Odds Summit
2019"I just want you to know: You can do this. You belong here. This was not a mistake."Former First Lady Michelle
ObamaThe Common ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext
ChapterPartnersReports and insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with
#commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn iconYoutube iconInstagram iconTerms of usePrivacy policyFraud policyCookie
Title: Happy National School Counseling Week!
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/blog/happy-national-school-counseling-week 
 Happy National School Counseling Week!Find a collegePlan for collegeWhy college mattersPaying for collegeYour path to
collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer application guideDownload
mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender guideTransfer advisorsNews and
updatesSign inCreate an accountHappy National School Counseling Week!Facebook iconTwitter iconLinkedin iconBy Eric
2024Reminder: Common App system refreshJuly 19, 2024123See more newsThe Common ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding
principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a
memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn iconYoutube iconInstagram iconTerms of
Title: The National Education Equity Lab Announces first-ever national pilot a success
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/blog/national-education-equity-lab-announces-first-ever-national-pilot-success 
 The National Education Equity Lab Announces first-ever national pilot a successFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy
college mattersPaying for collegeYour path to collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and
resourcesEssay promptsTransfer application guideDownload mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App
Ready toolkitRecommender guideTransfer advisorsNews and updatesSign inCreate an accountThe National Education Equity
Lab Announces first-ever national pilot a successFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedin iconBy Jen DavisFebruary 05,
application season with over 1,100 colleges and universitiesAugust 01, 2024Reminder: Common App system refreshJuly 19,
2024123See more newsThe Common ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext
ChapterPartnersReports and insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with
#commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn iconYoutube iconInstagram iconTerms of usePrivacy policyFraud policyCookie
Title: A conversation about transfer with Kevin Byrne, Senior Director, United States, Michael & Susan Dell Foundation
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/blog/conversation-about-transfer-kevin-byrne-michael-susan-dell-foundation 
 A conversation about transfer with Kevin Byrne, Senior Director, United States, Michael & Susan Dell FoundationFind a
collegePlan for collegeWhy college mattersPaying for collegeYour path to collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application
guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer application guideDownload mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender
systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender guideTransfer advisorsNews and updatesSign inCreate an accountA conversation
about transfer with Kevin Byrne, Senior Director, United States, Michael & Susan Dell FoundationFacebook iconTwitter
2024Reminder: Common App system refreshJuly 19, 2024123See more newsThe Common ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding
principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a
memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn iconYoutube iconInstagram iconTerms of
Title: Reminder: Common App system refresh
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/blog/reminder-common-app-system-refresh 
 Reminder: Common App system refreshFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy college mattersPaying for collegeYour path to
collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer application guideDownload
mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender guideTransfer advisorsNews and
updatesSign inCreate an accountReminder: Common App system refreshFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedin iconBy Jen
refreshJuly 19, 2024123See more newsThe Common ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our
boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect
with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn iconYoutube iconInstagram iconTerms of usePrivacy policyFraud
Title: National Postsecondary Institute and Reach Higher announce winners of inaugural Power of Hope Award
 url:
https://www.commonapp.org/blog/national-postsecondary-institute-and-reach-higher-announce-winners-inaugural-power-hope-a
ward 
 National Postsecondary Institute and Reach Higher announce winners of inaugural Power of Hope AwardFind a collegePlan
for collegeWhy college mattersPaying for collegeYour path to collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides
and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer application guideDownload mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon
App Ready toolkitRecommender guideTransfer advisorsNews and updatesSign inCreate an accountNational Postsecondary
Institute and Reach Higher announce winners of inaugural Power of Hope AwardFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedin iconBy
partner with NPSI to recognize these 6 amazing school districts and the work their counselors are doing to change
season with over 1,100 colleges and universitiesAugust 01, 2024Reminder: Common App system refreshJuly 19, 2024123See
more newsThe Common ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext
ChapterPartnersReports and insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with
#commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn iconYoutube iconInstagram iconTerms of usePrivacy policyFraud policyCookie
Title: Common App welcomes over 50 new colleges and universities for the 2022-2023 application season
 url:
https://www.commonapp.org/blog/common-app-welcomes-over-50-new-colleges-and-universities-2022-2023-application-season 
 Common App welcomes over 50 new colleges and universities for the 2022-2023 application seasonFind a collegePlan for
collegeWhy college mattersPaying for collegeYour path to collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and
resourcesEssay promptsTransfer application guideDownload mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App
Ready toolkitRecommender guideTransfer advisorsNews and updatesSign inCreate an accountCommon App welcomes over 50 new
colleges and universities for the 2022-2023 application seasonFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedin iconBy Emma SteeleApril
especially our over 20 Minority Serving Institutions. Key to our mission at Common App is lowering the logistical and
systemic barriers to college access. Students and colleges will both benefit from a larger, more diverse, and more
universitiesAugust 01, 2024Reminder: Common App system refreshJuly 19, 2024123See more newsThe Common
ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and
insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn
Common Application, Inc
Title: Common App and Reach Higher unite to make college approachable
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/blog/common-app-and-reach-higher-unite-make-college-more-approachable-0 
 Common App and Reach Higher unite to make college approachableFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy college mattersPaying
for collegeYour path to collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer
application guideDownload mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender
guideTransfer advisorsNews and updatesSign inCreate an accountCommon App and Reach Higher unite to make college
approachableFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedin iconBy Jen DavisSeptember 27, 2018News and updatesMake the most of your
and universitiesAugust 01, 2024Reminder: Common App system refreshJuly 19, 2024123See more newsThe Common
ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and
insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn
Common Application, Inc
Title: Their future starts here. Our future starts now. Introducing the new Common App brand 
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/blog/their-future-starts-here-our-future-starts-now-introducing-new-common-app-brand 
 Their future starts here. Our future starts now. Introducing the new Common App brand Find a collegePlan for
collegeWhy college mattersPaying for collegeYour path to collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and
resourcesEssay promptsTransfer application guideDownload mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App
Ready toolkitRecommender guideTransfer advisorsNews and updatesSign inCreate an accountTheir future starts here. Our
future starts now. Introducing the new Common App brand Facebook iconTwitter iconLinkedin iconBy Dan ObregonJuly 17,
2019 Common App wants to make the application simple, the process logical, and the experience joyful for all students.
We're forging a direct, unambiguous path to a viable future for all students.News and updatesMake the most of your
and universitiesAugust 01, 2024Reminder: Common App system refreshJuly 19, 2024123See more newsThe Common
ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and
insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn
Common Application, Inc
Title: Common App Wins Grants from the Kresge and Michelson 20mm
 url:
https://www.commonapp.org/blog/common-app-awarded-grants-kresge-foundation-and-michelson-20mm-foundation-help-serve 
 Common App Wins Grants from the Kresge and Michelson 20mmFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy college mattersPaying for
collegeYour path to collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer
application guideDownload mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender
guideTransfer advisorsNews and updatesSign inCreate an accountCommon App Wins Grants from the Kresge and Michelson
20mmFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedin iconBy Emma SteeleSeptember 25, 2019News and updatesMake the most of your college
universitiesAugust 01, 2024Reminder: Common App system refreshJuly 19, 2024123See more newsThe Common
ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and
insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn
Common Application, Inc
Title: Exploring college as a military-connected student
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/blog/exploring-college-military-connected-student 
 Exploring college as a military-connected studentFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy college mattersPaying for
collegeYour path to collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer
application guideDownload mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender
guideTransfer advisorsNews and updatesSign inCreate an accountExploring college as a military-connected studentFacebook
universitiesAugust 01, 2024Reminder: Common App system refreshJuly 19, 2024123See more newsThe Common
ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and
insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn
Common Application, Inc
Title: Common App no longer requires military discharge question
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/blog/common-app-will-no-longer-require-veterans-share-reason-military-discharge 
 Common App no longer requires military discharge questionFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy college mattersPaying for
collegeYour path to collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer
application guideDownload mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender
guideTransfer advisorsNews and updatesSign inCreate an accountCommon App no longer requires military discharge
questionFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedin iconBy Emma SteeleNovember 11, 2020"This change reflects the Common App's
continued effort to rethink those systems. It's about enabling more servicemembers to complete their application by
removing an obstacle that too often stands in the way of veterans' college-going aspirations."Jenny Rickard, President
refreshJuly 19, 2024123See more newsThe Common ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our
boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect
with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn iconYoutube iconInstagram iconTerms of usePrivacy policyFraud
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/blog/2023-2024-common-app-college-maps-are-here 
path to collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer application
guideDownload mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender guideTransfer
iconLinkedin iconBy Common AppOctober 16, 2023Order a mapWant an easy way to talk to your students about applying for
college with Common App? The Common App Map is a great, interactive way to see over 1,000 colleges and universities
App system refreshJuly 19, 2024123See more newsThe Common ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin
our boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a
memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn iconYoutube iconInstagram iconTerms of
Title: Reflections on 2021: embracing a changing college landscape
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/blog/reflections-2021-embracing-changing-college-landscape 
 Reflections on 2021: embracing a changing college landscapeFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy college mattersPaying for
collegeYour path to collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer
application guideDownload mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender
guideTransfer advisorsNews and updatesSign inCreate an accountReflections on 2021: embracing a changing college
in partnership with our membership, has taken to make changes over time to help students. Our work is not finished, but
2024Reminder: Common App system refreshJuly 19, 2024123See more newsThe Common ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding
principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a
memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn iconYoutube iconInstagram iconTerms of
Title: Member Moments: University of San Francisco on efforts to attract and retain transfer students
 url:
https://www.commonapp.org/blog/member-moments-university-san-francisco-efforts-attract-and-retain-transfer-students 
 Member Moments: University of San Francisco on efforts to attract and retain transfer studentsFind a collegePlan for
collegeWhy college mattersPaying for collegeYour path to collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and
resourcesEssay promptsTransfer application guideDownload mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App
Ready toolkitRecommender guideTransfer advisorsNews and updatesSign inCreate an accountMember Moments: University of
San Francisco on efforts to attract and retain transfer studentsFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedin iconBy Emma
refreshJuly 19, 2024123See more newsThe Common ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our
boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect
with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn iconYoutube iconInstagram iconTerms of usePrivacy policyFraud
Title: Common App launches direct admissions program with 70 colleges and universities
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/blog/common-app-launches-direct-admissions-program-70-colleges-and-universities 
 Common App launches direct admissions program with 70 colleges and universitiesFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy
college mattersPaying for collegeYour path to collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and
resourcesEssay promptsTransfer application guideDownload mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App
Ready toolkitRecommender guideTransfer advisorsNews and updatesSign inCreate an accountCommon App launches direct
admissions program with 70 colleges and universitiesFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedin iconBy Emma SteeleOctober 30,
2023Colleges and universities participating in Common App Direct Admissions include: About Common App News and
season with over 1,100 colleges and universitiesAugust 01, 2024Reminder: Common App system refreshJuly 19, 2024123See
more newsThe Common ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext
ChapterPartnersReports and insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with
#commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn iconYoutube iconInstagram iconTerms of usePrivacy policyFraud policyCookie
Title: Financial aid is complicated
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/blog/financial-aid-complicated 
 Financial aid is complicatedFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy college mattersPaying for collegeYour path to
collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer application guideDownload
mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender guideTransfer advisorsNews and
updatesSign inCreate an accountFinancial aid is complicatedFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedin iconBy Jameia TennieApril
11, 2024Common App and uAspire will team up for two additional YouTube livestreams on @CommonAppMedia. Mark your
calendars. Financial Aid Offer ReviewThe Financial Aid Offer walkthrough provides students and families with critical
information to interpret their financial aid offers. uAspire advisors will share key details about the different types
of financial aid, best practices for reviewing and comparing financial aid offers, and the essential next steps to take
after determining how much each college will cost. We also provide opportunities for Q&A and follow-up support.
Wednesday, April 17, 6 pm ETGet notifiedAffording College 101The Affording College 101 (AC 101) walkthrough will help
students and families understand the basics of financial aid and college affordability. It will start with the cost of
attendance and the different kinds of financial aid, along with an overview of the college affordability timeline. This
bill. We will also provide opportunities for Q&A and follow-up support. Wednesday, May 15, 6 pm ETGet notifiedThe
refreshJuly 19, 2024123See more newsThe Common ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our
boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect
with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn iconYoutube iconInstagram iconTerms of usePrivacy policyFraud
Title: Common App welcomes 42 new members for 2020-21 application season
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/blog/common-app-welcomes-42-new-members-2020-2021-application-season 
 Common App welcomes 42 new members for 2020-21 application seasonFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy college
mattersPaying for collegeYour path to collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay
promptsTransfer application guideDownload mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready
toolkitRecommender guideTransfer advisorsNews and updatesSign inCreate an accountCommon App welcomes 42 new members for
of helping people reach their hopes and dreams. By using Common App, even more students across the country and around
the world will have the opportunity to learn what sets us apart and how they can pursue their educational and career
offer the Common Application as another application avenue for prospective students beginning with the 2020-2021
admissions cycle. We are confident that this partnership with the Common App will allow us to continue to fulfill our
mission as a land grant institution in the state of South Carolina by reaching a broader and more diverse group of
applicants. We also look forward to the ways this partnership will streamline the application process for prospective
students and families across the country, as well as the school counselors who support them throughout their path to
Georgia is pleased to join the membership of the Common Application for the 2020-21 first-year application cycle. Once
the application goes live on September 1st, potential students and families from Georgia and beyond will have the
opportunity to use the platform to explore their post-secondary opportunities and to manage their college
applications."Patrick Winter, Associate Vice President of Admissions & Enrollment Management, University of
application season with over 1,100 colleges and universitiesAugust 01, 2024Reminder: Common App system refreshJuly 19,
2024123See more newsThe Common ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext
ChapterPartnersReports and insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with
#commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn iconYoutube iconInstagram iconTerms of usePrivacy policyFraud policyCookie
Title: Ongoing partnership between Strive for College and Common App continues to foster college-going culture
 url:
https://www.commonapp.org/blog/ongoing-partnership-between-strive-college-and-common-app-continues-foster-college-going
 Ongoing partnership between Strive for College and Common App continues to foster college-going cultureFind a
collegePlan for collegeWhy college mattersPaying for collegeYour path to collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application
guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer application guideDownload mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender
systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender guideTransfer advisorsNews and updatesSign inCreate an accountOngoing
partnership between Strive for College and Common App continues to foster college-going cultureFacebook iconTwitter
2024Reminder: Common App system refreshJuly 19, 2024123See more newsThe Common ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding
principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a
memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn iconYoutube iconInstagram iconTerms of
Title: What to expect from Common App after the Supreme Court decision on race-conscious admissions
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/blog/what-expect-common-app-after-supreme-court-decision-race-conscious-admissions 
 What to expect from Common App after the Supreme Court decision on race-conscious admissionsFind a collegePlan for
collegeWhy college mattersPaying for collegeYour path to collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and
resourcesEssay promptsTransfer application guideDownload mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App
Ready toolkitRecommender guideTransfer advisorsNews and updatesSign inCreate an accountWhat to expect from Common App
after the Supreme Court decision on race-conscious admissionsFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedin iconBy Jenny RickardJune
29, 2023The Common ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext
ChapterPartnersReports and insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with
#commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn iconYoutube iconInstagram iconTerms of usePrivacy policyFraud policyCookie
Title: Jack Kent Cooke Foundation selects the Common App for scholarship
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/blog/jack-kent-cooke-foundation-selects-common-application-college-scholarship-program 
 Jack Kent Cooke Foundation selects the Common App for scholarshipFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy college
mattersPaying for collegeYour path to collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay
promptsTransfer application guideDownload mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready
toolkitRecommender guideTransfer advisorsNews and updatesSign inCreate an accountJack Kent Cooke Foundation selects the
Common App for scholarshipFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedin iconBy Jen DavisSeptember 05, 2018News and updatesMake the
1,100 colleges and universitiesAugust 01, 2024Reminder: Common App system refreshJuly 19, 2024123See more newsThe
Common ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and
insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn
Common Application, Inc
Title: Forging Our Future: Member Summit 2019
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/blog/forging-our-future-member-summit-2019 
 Forging Our Future: Member Summit 2019Find a collegePlan for collegeWhy college mattersPaying for collegeYour path to
collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer application guideDownload
mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender guideTransfer advisorsNews and
updatesSign inCreate an accountForging Our Future: Member Summit 2019Facebook iconTwitter iconLinkedin iconBy Jen
refreshJuly 19, 2024123See more newsThe Common ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our
boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect
with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn iconYoutube iconInstagram iconTerms of usePrivacy policyFraud
Title: Common App welcomes over 60 new colleges and universities for the 2021-2022 application season
 url:
https://www.commonapp.org/blog/common-app-welcomes-over-60-new-colleges-and-universities-2021-2022-application-season 
 Common App welcomes over 60 new colleges and universities for the 2021-2022 application seasonFind a collegePlan for
collegeWhy college mattersPaying for collegeYour path to collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and
resourcesEssay promptsTransfer application guideDownload mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App
Ready toolkitRecommender guideTransfer advisorsNews and updatesSign inCreate an accountCommon App welcomes over 60 new
colleges and universities for the 2021-2022 application seasonFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedin iconBy Emma SteeleMarch
our diverse membership, all students, regardless of their background, have the opportunity to apply to the colleges or
students to apply with the Common App will make our institution even more accessible to students in Illinois, the
Midwest, and nationally on a platform that is well recognized and provides access and convenience for prospective
students."Jeff Mavros, Director of Admissions, Illinois State University News and updatesMake the most of your college
universitiesAugust 01, 2024Reminder: Common App system refreshJuly 19, 2024123See more newsThe Common
ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and
insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn
Common Application, Inc
Title: [Webinar] What's new with Common App (June 2020)
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/blog/webinar-whats-new-common-app-june-2020 
 [Webinar] What's new with Common App (June 2020)Find a collegePlan for collegeWhy college mattersPaying for
collegeYour path to collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer
application guideDownload mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender
guideTransfer advisorsNews and updatesSign inCreate an account[Webinar] What's new with Common App (June 2020)Facebook
universitiesAugust 01, 2024Reminder: Common App system refreshJuly 19, 2024123See more newsThe Common
ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and
insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn
Common Application, Inc
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/blog/make-most-your-college-journey-part-1 
path to collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer application
guideDownload mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender guideTransfer
iconLinkedin iconBy Esther Aduamah, Marissa Carper, and Zhuoli XieJune 14, 2024Thank you to our Student Advisory
refreshJuly 19, 2024123See more newsThe Common ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our
boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect
with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn iconYoutube iconInstagram iconTerms of usePrivacy policyFraud
Title: Do it Differently: Share your story with Roadtrip Nation
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/blog/do-it-differently-share-your-story-roadtrip-nation 
 Do it Differently: Share your story with Roadtrip NationFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy college mattersPaying for
collegeYour path to collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer
application guideDownload mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender
guideTransfer advisorsNews and updatesSign inCreate an accountDo it Differently: Share your story with Roadtrip
NationFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedin iconBy Roadtrip NationOctober 04, 2019The Common ApplicationAboutAccess and
equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and insightsContactNews and
updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn iconYoutube
Application, Inc
Title: Start strong: Common App tools and resources for counselors, students and families
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/blog/start-strong-common-app-tools-and-resources-counselors-students-and-families 
 Start strong: Common App tools and resources for counselors, students and familiesFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy
college mattersPaying for collegeYour path to collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and
resourcesEssay promptsTransfer application guideDownload mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App
Ready toolkitRecommender guideTransfer advisorsNews and updatesSign inCreate an accountStart strong: Common App tools
and resources for counselors, students and familiesFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedin iconBy Jen DavisAugust 27,
application season with over 1,100 colleges and universitiesAugust 01, 2024Reminder: Common App system refreshJuly 19,
2024123See more newsThe Common ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext
ChapterPartnersReports and insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with
#commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn iconYoutube iconInstagram iconTerms of usePrivacy policyFraud policyCookie
Title: Common App removes school discipline question on the application
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/blog/common-app-removes-school-discipline-question-college-application 
 Common App removes school discipline question on the applicationFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy college
mattersPaying for collegeYour path to collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay
promptsTransfer application guideDownload mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready
toolkitRecommender guideTransfer advisorsNews and updatesSign inCreate an accountCommon App removes school discipline
application to allow students to highlight their full potential. Requiring students to disclose disciplinary actions
has a clear and profound adverse impact. Removing this question is the first step in a longer process to make college
admissions more equitable. This is about taking a stand against practices that suppress college-going aspiration and
clear. It's time for colleges to test previous assumptions about the admissions process and eliminate requirements
refreshJuly 19, 2024123See more newsThe Common ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our
boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect
with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn iconYoutube iconInstagram iconTerms of usePrivacy policyFraud
Title: Common App statement on ICE guidance for international students
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/blog/common-app-statement-ice-guidance-international-students 
 Common App statement on ICE guidance for international studentsFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy college mattersPaying
for collegeYour path to collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer
application guideDownload mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender
guideTransfer advisorsNews and updatesSign inCreate an accountCommon App statement on ICE guidance for international
studentsFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedin iconBy The Common App TeamJuly 07, 2020News and updatesMake the most of your
and universitiesAugust 01, 2024Reminder: Common App system refreshJuly 19, 2024123See more newsThe Common
ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and
insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn
Common Application, Inc
Title: Common App announces partnership with DOD MilGears
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/blog/common-app-announces-partnership-dod-milgears 
 Common App announces partnership with DOD MilGearsFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy college mattersPaying for
collegeYour path to collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer
application guideDownload mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender
guideTransfer advisorsNews and updatesSign inCreate an accountCommon App announces partnership with DOD
MilGearsFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedin iconBy Batanya GipsonNovember 03, 2023MilGears has had a profound impact on
service members. Partnering with the Common App can enhance the accessibility, user-friendliness, and recognition of
the unique qualifications of military members and veterans, aligning well with MilGears' mission to assist them in
their education and career transition. This partnership can provide a valuable resource for those who have diverse
qualifications and experiences beyond their military service.Keith Boring, Acting Division Director, Strategy,
universitiesAugust 01, 2024Reminder: Common App system refreshJuly 19, 2024123See more newsThe Common
ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and
insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn
Common Application, Inc
Title: Staying Connected in the time of Coronavirus
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/blog/staying-connected-time-coronavirus 
 Staying Connected in the time of CoronavirusFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy college mattersPaying for collegeYour
path to collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer application
guideDownload mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender guideTransfer
advisorsNews and updatesSign inCreate an accountStaying Connected in the time of CoronavirusFacebook iconTwitter
2024Reminder: Common App system refreshJuly 19, 2024123See more newsThe Common ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding
principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a
memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn iconYoutube iconInstagram iconTerms of
Title: Common App announces inaugural Student Advisory Committee
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/blog/common-app-announces-inaugural-student-advisory-committee 
 Common App announces inaugural Student Advisory CommitteeFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy college mattersPaying for
collegeYour path to collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer
application guideDownload mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender
guideTransfer advisorsNews and updatesSign inCreate an accountCommon App announces inaugural Student Advisory
CommitteeFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedin iconBy Emma SteeleOctober 04, 2022News and updatesMake the most of your
and universitiesAugust 01, 2024Reminder: Common App system refreshJuly 19, 2024123See more newsThe Common
ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and
insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn
Common Application, Inc
Title: Navigating Common App's Explore Colleges profiles
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/blog/navigating-common-apps-explore-colleges-profiles 
 Navigating Common App's Explore Colleges profilesFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy college mattersPaying for
collegeYour path to collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer
application guideDownload mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender
guideTransfer advisorsNews and updatesSign inCreate an accountNavigating Common App's Explore Colleges profilesFacebook
01, 2024Reminder: Common App system refreshJuly 19, 2024123See more newsThe Common ApplicationAboutAccess and
equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and insightsContactNews and
updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn iconYoutube
Application, Inc
Title: Common App resource round-up
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/blog/common-app-resource-round 
 Common App resource round-upFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy college mattersPaying for collegeYour path to
collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer application guideDownload
mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender guideTransfer advisorsNews and
updatesSign inCreate an accountCommon App resource round-upFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedin iconBy Scott
system refreshJuly 19, 2024123See more newsThe Common ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our
boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect
with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn iconYoutube iconInstagram iconTerms of usePrivacy policyFraud
Title: Common App broadens reach and expands access to college admission
 url:
https://www.commonapp.org/blog/common-app-continues-broaden-its-reach-expand-access-and-provide-insight-college-admissio
ns 
 Common App broadens reach and expands access to college admissionFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy college
mattersPaying for collegeYour path to collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay
promptsTransfer application guideDownload mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready
toolkitRecommender guideTransfer advisorsNews and updatesSign inCreate an accountCommon App broadens reach and expands
access to college admissionFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedin iconBy Emma SteeleSeptember 26, 2019The Common
ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and
insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn
Common Application, Inc
Title: Common App receives $900,000 grant from Capital One Foundation
 url:
https://www.commonapp.org/blog/common-app-admithub-college-advising-corps-receive-900000-grant-capital-one-foundation 
 Common App receives $900,000 grant from Capital One FoundationFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy college mattersPaying
for collegeYour path to collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer
application guideDownload mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender
guideTransfer advisorsNews and updatesSign inCreate an accountCommon App receives $900,000 grant from Capital One
FoundationFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedin iconBy Emma SteeleJuly 15, 2020"Even in the best of times, the complexity
of the enrollment process can lock out the students who stand to gain the most from higher education."Eric Waldo, Vice
President for Access & Equity at Common App and Executive Director of Michelle Obama's Reach Higher InitiativeNews and
season with over 1,100 colleges and universitiesAugust 01, 2024Reminder: Common App system refreshJuly 19, 2024123See
more newsThe Common ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext
ChapterPartnersReports and insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with
#commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn iconYoutube iconInstagram iconTerms of usePrivacy policyFraud policyCookie
Title: [Webinar] Creating a FAFSA completing culture
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/blog/webinar-creating-fafsa-completing-culture 
 [Webinar] Creating a FAFSA completing cultureFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy college mattersPaying for collegeYour
path to collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer application
guideDownload mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender guideTransfer
advisorsNews and updatesSign inCreate an account[Webinar] Creating a FAFSA completing cultureFacebook iconTwitter
2024Reminder: Common App system refreshJuly 19, 2024123See more newsThe Common ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding
principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a
memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn iconYoutube iconInstagram iconTerms of
Title: National Postsecondary Strategy Institute Power of Hope Awards
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/blog/power-hope-awards 
 National Postsecondary Strategy Institute Power of Hope AwardsFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy college mattersPaying
for collegeYour path to collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer
application guideDownload mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender
guideTransfer advisorsNews and updatesSign inCreate an accountNational Postsecondary Strategy Institute Power of Hope
AwardsFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedin iconBy National Postsecondary Strategy Institute (NPSI)October 28, 2020News and
season with over 1,100 colleges and universitiesAugust 01, 2024Reminder: Common App system refreshJuly 19, 2024123See
more newsThe Common ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext
ChapterPartnersReports and insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with
#commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn iconYoutube iconInstagram iconTerms of usePrivacy policyFraud policyCookie
Title: 2022 reflections: Bringing joy to college admissions 
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/blog/2022-reflections-bringing-joy-college-admissions 
 2022 reflections: Bringing joy to college admissions Find a collegePlan for collegeWhy college mattersPaying for
collegeYour path to collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer
application guideDownload mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender
guideTransfer advisorsNews and updatesSign inCreate an account2022 reflections: Bringing joy to college admissions
Facebook iconTwitter iconLinkedin iconBy Jenny RickardDecember 22, 2022News and updatesMake the most of your college
universitiesAugust 01, 2024Reminder: Common App system refreshJuly 19, 2024123See more newsThe Common
ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and
insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn
Common Application, Inc
 url:https://www.commonapp.org/blog/common-app-unveils-first-group-new-member-institutions-2023-2024-application-season 
collegeWhy college mattersPaying for collegeYour path to collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and
resourcesEssay promptsTransfer application guideDownload mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App
Ready toolkitRecommender guideTransfer advisorsNews and updatesSign inCreate an accountCommon App unveils first group
partnership not only streamlines the application process for our prospective students but also provides them with
access to a diverse range of colleges and universities across the nation. We are excited to join the Common App
Pollock, Director, Undergraduate Admission at Morehead State UniversityThe Common ApplicationAboutAccess and
equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and insightsContactNews and
updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn iconYoutube
Application, Inc
Title: [Webinar] Coronavirus: Implications and recommendations for international recruiters
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/blog/webinar-coronavirus-implications-and-recommendations-international-recruiters 
 [Webinar] Coronavirus: Implications and recommendations for international recruitersFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy
college mattersPaying for collegeYour path to collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and
resourcesEssay promptsTransfer application guideDownload mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App
Ready toolkitRecommender guideTransfer advisorsNews and updatesSign inCreate an account[Webinar] Coronavirus:
Implications and recommendations for international recruitersFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedin iconBy Jen DavisMarch
application season with over 1,100 colleges and universitiesAugust 01, 2024Reminder: Common App system refreshJuly 19,
2024123See more newsThe Common ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext
ChapterPartnersReports and insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with
#commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn iconYoutube iconInstagram iconTerms of usePrivacy policyFraud policyCookie
Title: Common App welcomes the 2022-2023 Board of Directors
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/blog/common-app-welcomes-2022-2023-board-directors 
 Common App welcomes the 2022-2023 Board of DirectorsFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy college mattersPaying for
collegeYour path to collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer
application guideDownload mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender
guideTransfer advisorsNews and updatesSign inCreate an accountCommon App welcomes the 2022-2023 Board of
time, talent and passion to advance access, equity, and integrity in the college admission process. They are
laser-focused on our mission and their leadership makes our membership organization stronger. As Common App launches
its next chapter to expand beyond the application to empower more people to access, afford, and attain opportunity, our
refreshJuly 19, 2024123See more newsThe Common ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our
boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect
with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn iconYoutube iconInstagram iconTerms of usePrivacy policyFraud
Title: Jenny Rickard appears on NPR's All Things Considered
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/blog/jenny-rickard-appears-nprs-all-things-considered 
 Jenny Rickard appears on NPR's All Things ConsideredFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy college mattersPaying for
collegeYour path to collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer
application guideDownload mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender
guideTransfer advisorsNews and updatesSign inCreate an accountJenny Rickard appears on NPR's All Things
ConsideredFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedin iconBy Jen DavisDecember 14, 2020News and updatesMake the most of your
and universitiesAugust 01, 2024Reminder: Common App system refreshJuly 19, 2024123See more newsThe Common
ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and
insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn
Common Application, Inc
Title: Common App revises application questions on sex and gender
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/blog/common-app-revises-application-questions-sex-and-gender 
 Common App revises application questions on sex and genderFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy college mattersPaying for
collegeYour path to collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer
application guideDownload mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender
guideTransfer advisorsNews and updatesSign inCreate an accountCommon App revises application questions on sex and
genderFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedin iconBy Emma SteeleFebruary 24, 2021"In order to fulfill the promise of higher
education as a pathway to economic opportunity, it's incumbent upon institutions, advocates, and stakeholders to
eliminate any potential barriers that may stand in the way for students from all backgrounds."Jenny Rickard, President
refreshJuly 19, 2024123See more newsThe Common ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our
boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect
with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn iconYoutube iconInstagram iconTerms of usePrivacy policyFraud
 url:
https://www.commonapp.org/blog/common-app-launches-2024-2025-application-season-over-1100-colleges-and-universities 
collegeWhy college mattersPaying for collegeYour path to collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and
resourcesEssay promptsTransfer application guideDownload mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App
Ready toolkitRecommender guideTransfer advisorsNews and updatesSign inCreate an accountCommon App launches the
AppAugust 01, 2024Implementing the Common App aligns with our institution's focus to ensure that higher education is
accessible to students from all backgroundsBonnie Lynch, Assistant Director of Undergraduate Admissions, Siena Heights
refreshJuly 19, 2024123See more newsThe Common ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our
boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect
with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn iconYoutube iconInstagram iconTerms of usePrivacy policyFraud
Title: NC Central University sees exponential growth in applications
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/blog/nc-central-university-sees-exponential-growth-applications 
 NC Central University sees exponential growth in applicationsFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy college mattersPaying
for collegeYour path to collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer
application guideDownload mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender
guideTransfer advisorsNews and updatesSign inCreate an accountNC Central University sees exponential growth in
applicationsFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedin iconBy Elyse Armstrong, Common App Data ScientistMay 30, 2024Indeed, on
April 10, 2023, Bailey noted the university had 6,977 applicants. By the same date the following year, that number
jumped to 9,941. That exposure also helped boost admittance numbers. By April 2024, admitted students had grown to
says high school guidance counselors have remarked that it has made the school part of the typical admissions cycle.
Michael A. Bailey, Director of Undergraduate AdmissionsNC Central attracts a large number of first-generation college
students, and Common App has helped drive an increase in first-generation applicants across the Southern United States,
seeing an 172% increase to 101,702 applicants in 2022 from 37,322 in 2015.Boost your visibility and application
system refreshJuly 19, 2024123See more newsThe Common ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our
boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect
with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn iconYoutube iconInstagram iconTerms of usePrivacy policyFraud
Title: 2023-2024 Common App essay prompts
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/blog/2023-2024-common-app-essay-prompts 
 2023-2024 Common App essay promptsFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy college mattersPaying for collegeYour path to
collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer application guideDownload
mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender guideTransfer advisorsNews and
updatesSign inCreate an account2023-2024 Common App essay promptsFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedin iconBy Meredith
LombardiFebruary 24, 2023"Moving forward, we want to learn more about who is choosing certain prompts to see if there
are any noteworthy differences among student populations."Meredith Lombardi, Director, Education and Training, Common
application season with over 1,100 colleges and universitiesAugust 01, 2024Reminder: Common App system refreshJuly 19,
2024123See more newsThe Common ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext
ChapterPartnersReports and insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with
#commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn iconYoutube iconInstagram iconTerms of usePrivacy policyFraud policyCookie
Title: Their stories, their way: approaching the college essay
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/blog/their-stories-their-way-approaching-college-essay 
 Their stories, their way: approaching the college essayFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy college mattersPaying for
collegeYour path to collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer
application guideDownload mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender
guideTransfer advisorsNews and updatesSign inCreate an accountTheir stories, their way: approaching the college
essayFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedin iconBy Scott AndersonAugust 26, 2020The community disruption question was
created with targeted intent: to invite information about the impact of COVID-19 and natural disasters. That is one of
what they experienced, not necessarily explain and then reflect upon what they experienced.Scott Anderson, Senior
refreshJuly 19, 2024123See more newsThe Common ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our
boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect
with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn iconYoutube iconInstagram iconTerms of usePrivacy policyFraud
Title: Common App essay prompts: Seeking your feedback
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/blog/common-app-essay-prompts-seeking-your-feedback 
 Common App essay prompts: Seeking your feedbackFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy college mattersPaying for collegeYour
path to collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer application
guideDownload mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender guideTransfer
advisorsNews and updatesSign inCreate an accountCommon App essay prompts: Seeking your feedbackFacebook iconTwitter
2024Reminder: Common App system refreshJuly 19, 2024123See more newsThe Common ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding
principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a
memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn iconYoutube iconInstagram iconTerms of
Title: Options for helping applicants impacted by the Coronavirus
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/blog/options-helping-applicants-impacted-coronavirus 
 Options for helping applicants impacted by the CoronavirusFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy college mattersPaying for
collegeYour path to collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer
application guideDownload mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender
guideTransfer advisorsNews and updatesSign inCreate an accountOptions for helping applicants impacted by the
CoronavirusFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedin iconBy Jen DavisJanuary 30, 2020News and updatesMake the most of your
and universitiesAugust 01, 2024Reminder: Common App system refreshJuly 19, 2024123See more newsThe Common
ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and
insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn
Common Application, Inc
Title: Taking a closer look at Common App Direct Admissions
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/blog/taking-closer-look-common-app-direct-admissions 
 Taking a closer look at Common App Direct AdmissionsFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy college mattersPaying for
collegeYour path to collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer
application guideDownload mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender
guideTransfer advisorsNews and updatesSign inCreate an accountTaking a closer look at Common App Direct
AdmissionsFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedin iconBy Emma SteeleDecember 22, 2023What is the inspiration behind direct
launch this year. What did those pilots look like?How does Common App Direct Admissions work?There are so many
going so far? What have you learned, and what types of feedback are you receiving? Direct admissions is just one way
that Common App is working toward its moonshot goal in its Next Chapter. How else is the organization working towards
refreshJuly 19, 2024123See more newsThe Common ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our
boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect
with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn iconYoutube iconInstagram iconTerms of usePrivacy policyFraud
Title: Common App Earns $1.6 million grant to support access and equity 
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/blog/common-app-announces-more-16-million-support-access-and-equity-initiatives 
 Common App Earns $1.6 million grant to support access and equity Find a collegePlan for collegeWhy college
mattersPaying for collegeYour path to collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay
promptsTransfer application guideDownload mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready
toolkitRecommender guideTransfer advisorsNews and updatesSign inCreate an accountCommon App Earns $1.6 million grant to
support access and equity Facebook iconTwitter iconLinkedin iconBy Emma SteeleJanuary 15, 2020"This information has the
potential to advance the work of professionals committed to increasing access and equity in the college admissions
2024Reminder: Common App system refreshJuly 19, 2024123See more newsThe Common ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding
principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a
memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn iconYoutube iconInstagram iconTerms of
Title: On the recent wildfires impacting California, Oregon, and Washington state
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/blog/recent-wildfires-impacting-california-oregon-and-washington-state 
 On the recent wildfires impacting California, Oregon, and Washington stateFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy college
mattersPaying for collegeYour path to collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay
promptsTransfer application guideDownload mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready
toolkitRecommender guideTransfer advisorsNews and updatesSign inCreate an accountOn the recent wildfires impacting
California, Oregon, and Washington stateFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedin iconBy The Common App TeamSeptember 10,
application season with over 1,100 colleges and universitiesAugust 01, 2024Reminder: Common App system refreshJuly 19,
2024123See more newsThe Common ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext
ChapterPartnersReports and insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with
#commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn iconYoutube iconInstagram iconTerms of usePrivacy policyFraud policyCookie
Title: Supporting those impacted by natural disasters
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/blog/supporting-those-impacted-natural-disasters 
 Supporting those impacted by natural disastersFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy college mattersPaying for collegeYour
path to collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer application
guideDownload mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender guideTransfer
advisorsNews and updatesSign inCreate an accountSupporting those impacted by natural disastersFacebook iconTwitter
2024Reminder: Common App system refreshJuly 19, 2024123See more newsThe Common ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding
principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a
memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn iconYoutube iconInstagram iconTerms of
Title: Common App launches 2022-2023 application with more than 1,000 colleges and universities
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/blog/common-app-launches-2022-2023-application-more-1000-colleges-and-universities 
 Common App launches 2022-2023 application with more than 1,000 colleges and universitiesFind a collegePlan for
collegeWhy college mattersPaying for collegeYour path to collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and
resourcesEssay promptsTransfer application guideDownload mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App
Ready toolkitRecommender guideTransfer advisorsNews and updatesSign inCreate an accountCommon App launches 2022-2023
application with more than 1,000 colleges and universitiesFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedin iconBy Emma SteeleAugust
counselors to streamline the admission process for students. Nearly 50 years later, we are so excited to kick off the
2022-2023 application season with more than 1,000 colleges and universities for students to explore. Our goal remains
refreshJuly 19, 2024123See more newsThe Common ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our
boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect
with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn iconYoutube iconInstagram iconTerms of usePrivacy policyFraud
Title: Celebrating Hispanic Heritage Month: Miami Dade College
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/blog/celebrating-hispanic-heritage-month-miami-dade-college 
 Celebrating Hispanic Heritage Month: Miami Dade CollegeFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy college mattersPaying for
collegeYour path to collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer
application guideDownload mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender
guideTransfer advisorsNews and updatesSign inCreate an accountCelebrating Hispanic Heritage Month: Miami Dade
CollegeFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedin iconBy Emma SteeleOctober 13, 2022News and updatesMake the most of your
and universitiesAugust 01, 2024Reminder: Common App system refreshJuly 19, 2024123See more newsThe Common
ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and
insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn
Common Application, Inc
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/blog/make-most-your-college-journey-part-2 
path to collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer application
guideDownload mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender guideTransfer
iconLinkedin iconBy Esther Aduamah, Marissa Carper, and Zhuoli XieAugust 06, 2024Thank you to our Student Advisory
refreshJuly 19, 2024123See more newsThe Common ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our
boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect
with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn iconYoutube iconInstagram iconTerms of usePrivacy policyFraud
Title: New resource for college-specific school discipline questions
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/blog/new-resource-college-specific-school-discipline-questions 
 New resource for college-specific school discipline questionsFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy college mattersPaying
for collegeYour path to collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer
application guideDownload mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender
guideTransfer advisorsNews and updatesSign inCreate an accountNew resource for college-specific school discipline
questionsFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedin iconBy Scott AndersonAugust 30, 2021News and updatesMake the most of your
and universitiesAugust 01, 2024Reminder: Common App system refreshJuly 19, 2024123See more newsThe Common
ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and
insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn
Common Application, Inc
Title: Common App to update gender identity questions on college application 
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/blog/common-app-update-gender-identity-questions-college-application 
 Common App to update gender identity questions on college application Find a collegePlan for collegeWhy college
mattersPaying for collegeYour path to collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay
promptsTransfer application guideDownload mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready
toolkitRecommender guideTransfer advisorsNews and updatesSign inCreate an accountCommon App to update gender identity
questions on college application Facebook iconTwitter iconLinkedin iconBy Emma SteeleMarch 02, 2022"In order to fulfill
the promise of higher education as a pathway to economic opportunity, it's incumbent upon colleges, universities, and
organizations at every step of the admission experience to remove barriers that may prevent students from pursuing the
and universitiesAugust 01, 2024Reminder: Common App system refreshJuly 19, 2024123See more newsThe Common
ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and
insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn
Common Application, Inc
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/blog/common-apps-student-advisory-committee 
collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer application guideDownload
mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender guideTransfer advisorsNews and
Boillat, Senior Program Manager for Student Engagement at Common AppApril 29, 2024News and updatesMake the most of your
and universitiesAugust 01, 2024Reminder: Common App system refreshJuly 19, 2024123See more newsThe Common
ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and
insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn
Common Application, Inc
Title: New research: First-generation definitions and their implications
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/blog/new-research-first-generation-definitions-and-their-implications 
 New research: First-generation definitions and their implicationsFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy college
mattersPaying for collegeYour path to collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay
promptsTransfer application guideDownload mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready
toolkitRecommender guideTransfer advisorsNews and updatesSign inCreate an accountNew research: First-generation
definitions and their implicationsFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedin iconBy Data Analytics and ResearchFebruary 23,
2024Depending on the exact definition of first-generation status used, the number of first-generation applicants on the
Common App in 2022 can vary from 304,338 to 709,850.Common App Data Analytics and ResearchNews and updatesMake the most
colleges and universitiesAugust 01, 2024Reminder: Common App system refreshJuly 19, 2024123See more newsThe Common
ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and
insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn
Common Application, Inc
Title: Common App welcomes four new members to the 2024-2025 Board of Directors
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/blog/common-app-welcomes-four-new-members-2024-2025-board-directors 
 Common App welcomes four new members to the 2024-2025 Board of DirectorsFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy college
mattersPaying for collegeYour path to collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay
promptsTransfer application guideDownload mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready
toolkitRecommender guideTransfer advisorsNews and updatesSign inCreate an accountCommon App welcomes four new members
members bring incredible dedication, expertise, and passion to enhancing access, equity, and integrity in the college
admissions process. Their steadfast commitment to our mission and their strong leadership significantly bolster our
organization. We are deeply thankful for their work." Jenny Rickard, President and CEO of Common AppNews and
season with over 1,100 colleges and universitiesAugust 01, 2024Reminder: Common App system refreshJuly 19, 2024123See
more newsThe Common ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext
ChapterPartnersReports and insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with
#commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn iconYoutube iconInstagram iconTerms of usePrivacy policyFraud policyCookie
Title: Welcoming the 2021-2022 Common App Board of Directors
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/blog/welcoming-2021-2022-common-app-board-directors 
 Welcoming the 2021-2022 Common App Board of DirectorsFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy college mattersPaying for
collegeYour path to collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer
application guideDownload mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender
guideTransfer advisorsNews and updatesSign inCreate an accountWelcoming the 2021-2022 Common App Board of
DirectorsFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedin iconBy Jenny RickardJuly 08, 2021News and updatesMake the most of your
and universitiesAugust 01, 2024Reminder: Common App system refreshJuly 19, 2024123See more newsThe Common
ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and
insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn
Common Application, Inc
Title: Reminder: Common App system refresh
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/blog/reminder-common-app-system-refresh-0 
 Reminder: Common App system refreshFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy college mattersPaying for collegeYour path to
collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer application guideDownload
mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender guideTransfer advisorsNews and
updatesSign inCreate an accountReminder: Common App system refreshFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedin iconBy Emma
SteeleJuly 14, 2023The Common ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext
ChapterPartnersReports and insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with
#commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn iconYoutube iconInstagram iconTerms of usePrivacy policyFraud policyCookie
Title: [Webinar] 2019-20 system enhancements
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/blog/webinar-2019-20-system-enhancements 
 [Webinar] 2019-20 system enhancementsFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy college mattersPaying for collegeYour path to
collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer application guideDownload
mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender guideTransfer advisorsNews and
updatesSign inCreate an account[Webinar] 2019-20 system enhancementsFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedin iconBy Meredith
refreshJuly 19, 2024123See more newsThe Common ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our
boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect
with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn iconYoutube iconInstagram iconTerms of usePrivacy policyFraud
Title: Common App launches transfer initiative to improve college access
 url:
https://www.commonapp.org/blog/common-app-launches-new-transfer-application-improve-college-access-millions-bachelors-de
gree 
 Common App launches transfer initiative to improve college accessFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy college
mattersPaying for collegeYour path to collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay
promptsTransfer application guideDownload mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready
toolkitRecommender guideTransfer advisorsNews and updatesSign inCreate an accountCommon App launches transfer
initiative to improve college accessFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedin iconBy Jen DavisAugust 14, 2018News and
season with over 1,100 colleges and universitiesAugust 01, 2024Reminder: Common App system refreshJuly 19, 2024123See
more newsThe Common ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext
ChapterPartnersReports and insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with
#commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn iconYoutube iconInstagram iconTerms of usePrivacy policyFraud policyCookie
Title: [Webinar] Navigating Common App teacher recommendations 
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/blog/webinar-navigating-common-app-teacher-recommendations 
 [Webinar] Navigating Common App teacher recommendations Find a collegePlan for collegeWhy college mattersPaying for
collegeYour path to collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer
application guideDownload mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender
guideTransfer advisorsNews and updatesSign inCreate an account[Webinar] Navigating Common App teacher recommendations
Facebook iconTwitter iconLinkedin iconBy Meredith LombardiOctober 30, 2019News and updatesMake the most of your college
universitiesAugust 01, 2024Reminder: Common App system refreshJuly 19, 2024123See more newsThe Common
ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and
insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn
Common Application, Inc
Title: Ready, set, college fair
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/blog/ready-set-college-fair 
 Ready, set, college fairFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy college mattersPaying for collegeYour path to collegeApply
to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer application guideDownload mobile
appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender guideTransfer advisorsNews and
updatesSign inCreate an accountReady, set, college fairFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedin iconBy Michaela
AlcornSeptember 18, 20231. Plan: Map out opportunities for your students and families2. Promote: Let students know the
benefits of attending a college fair3. Prepare: Provide students with college fair guidanceNews and updatesMake the
1,100 colleges and universitiesAugust 01, 2024Reminder: Common App system refreshJuly 19, 2024123See more newsThe
Common ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and
insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn
Common Application, Inc
Title: [Webinar] What's new with Common App (May 2020)
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/blog/webinar-whats-new-common-app-may-2020 
 [Webinar] What's new with Common App (May 2020)Find a collegePlan for collegeWhy college mattersPaying for collegeYour
path to collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer application
guideDownload mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender guideTransfer
advisorsNews and updatesSign inCreate an account[Webinar] What's new with Common App (May 2020)Facebook iconTwitter
2024Reminder: Common App system refreshJuly 19, 2024123See more newsThe Common ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding
principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a
memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn iconYoutube iconInstagram iconTerms of
Title: First Generation Focus: A conversation with Jemmy Marc
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/blog/first-generation-focus-conversation-jemmy-marc 
 First Generation Focus: A conversation with Jemmy MarcFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy college mattersPaying for
collegeYour path to collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer
application guideDownload mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender
guideTransfer advisorsNews and updatesSign inCreate an accountFirst Generation Focus: A conversation with Jemmy
MarcFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedin iconBy Emma SteeleNovember 08, 2019News and updatesMake the most of your college
universitiesAugust 01, 2024Reminder: Common App system refreshJuly 19, 2024123See more newsThe Common
ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and
insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn
Common Application, Inc
Title: 2023 reflections: shooting for the moon together
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/blog/2023-reflections-shooting-moon-together 
 2023 reflections: shooting for the moon togetherFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy college mattersPaying for
collegeYour path to collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer
application guideDownload mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender
guideTransfer advisorsNews and updatesSign inCreate an account2023 reflections: shooting for the moon togetherFacebook
universitiesAugust 01, 2024Reminder: Common App system refreshJuly 19, 2024123See more newsThe Common
ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and
insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn
Common Application, Inc
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/blog/webinar-whats-new-2023-24-application-season 
collegeYour path to collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer
application guideDownload mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender
seasonFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedin iconBy Common AppJune 20, 2023The Common ApplicationAboutAccess and
equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and insightsContactNews and
updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn iconYoutube
Application, Inc
Title: Common App welcomes new members for 2019-20 application season
 url: https://www.commonapp.org/blog/common-application-welcomes-new-members-2019-2020-application-season 
 Common App welcomes new members for 2019-20 application seasonFind a collegePlan for collegeWhy college mattersPaying
for collegeYour path to collegeApply to collegeFirst-year application guideGuides and resourcesEssay promptsTransfer
application guideDownload mobile appSupport your studentsRecommender systemCommon App Ready toolkitRecommender
guideTransfer advisorsNews and updatesSign inCreate an accountCommon App welcomes new members for 2019-20 application
seasonFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedin iconBy Jen DavisApril 11, 2019News and updatesMake the most of your college
universitiesAugust 01, 2024Reminder: Common App system refreshJuly 19, 2024123See more newsThe Common
ApplicationAboutAccess and equityGuiding principlesImpactJoin our boardLeadershipNext ChapterPartnersReports and
insightsContactNews and updatesBecome a memberHelpCareersEventsConnect with #commonappFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn
Common Application, Inc
Title: USF Alumni Newsletter | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/alumni-newsletter-signup 
 USF Alumni Newsletter | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply
(Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students
Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change
Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's
University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San
Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board
of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create
Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree
Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research
Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate &
Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San
Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of
Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid
Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet
Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate
Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of
Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research
Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching
Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought
& the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms
Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts &
Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment
Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career
Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events USF Alumni Newsletter First Name Last Name Degree(s)
Class Year(s) Email Address Leave this field blank Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San
Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link
is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News &
Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety
University of San Francisco
Title: Synergy in Science: Diez Cancer Biology Lab Integrates Student Research | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/news/synergy-in-science 
 Synergy in Science: Diez Cancer Biology Lab Integrates Student Research | University of San Francisco Skip to Content
Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Visit usfca.edu Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit
Athletics Alumni Giving Our Difference Mission & Vision Our Leadership Our Faculty School News Our Programs
Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Professional Certificates Research & Creative Achievement Centers & Institutes
Undergraduate Teacher Education Center Autonomous Vehicles & the City Initiative Facilities & Labs Innovation Hive
Writing for a Real World School Life Undergraduate Experience Graduate Experience Events Critical Diversity Studies
Forum Global Feminist Forum Human Rights Film Festival Davies Forum Graduate Admission How to Apply International
Students Financial Aid Dean's Scholarship Tests & Scores Program Contacts Info Sessions & Events Connect with a Current
Student Giving Synergy in Science: Diez Cancer Biology Lab Integrates Student Research by Sara Rinaldi, Office of
Development Communications August 14, 2024 USF biotech students conduct cancer research. The Dr. Nina Diez Teaching
Laboratory for Integrative Cancer Biology lives in the heart of the Hilltop as a space for scientific innovation and
collaborative research. Celebrating its first anniversary, the lab is a state-of-the-art space where students can study
the microscopic world of bacteria and the complex biodiversity and regenerative nature of plants and animals. Nina Diez
and USF trustee, Maximillian Diez '04, saw a vision for the space in 2022. They knew that through philanthropic support
they could make an impact by establishing a lab that would help further cancer research. In the 2023-24 academic year,
the lab hosted a genetics instruction, a general parasitology lab, and a developmental and general biology class. But
the Dr. Nina Diez Teaching Lab is more than just a research laboratory. It is a unique educational environment. The
application. Associate Professor James Sikes, who teaches Developmental Biology, embraces the lab's potential to not
only teach classical techniques but also to integrate modern approaches with new equipment. Image Nina Diez, who helped
ecosystem of organisms. The tanks house thriving colonies of zebrafish, axolotls, and other species crucial for
developmental studies. The integration of genome editing technology, Clustered Regularly Interspaced Short Palindromic
Repeats (CRISPR), enables students to conduct micro-surgeries on amphibian embryos and conduct genome modification on
intersections of cancer and regenerative biology. As the Dr. Nina Diez Teaching Laboratory for Integrative Cancer
Biology prepares for its next cohort of students for this academic year, the lab is now a cornerstone of campus
lab has a commitment to hands-on learning, blends traditional and modern approaches to research, and holds a dedication
to exploring integrative cancer biology, establishing the space as a learning community, ready to shape the next
generation of scientists and research. Join the fight against cancer, and help USF be at the forefront of cancer
research, Support the Diez Cancer Research Fund. Related News Faculty & Staff Achievements Meet The New Associate Dean
for Faculty Scholarship Passion for Justice New Dean Takes the Helm at Law School Equipped to Lead and Succeed
more news Site Footer 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external)
Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect
Graduate Admission Careers at USF Contact Us Directory News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Bookstore Course
Catalog Library Campus Campus Safety Maps & Directions Title IX Virtual Tour Apply Give to USF Visit myUSF Consumer
Title: Alumni | University of San Francisco
 url:
https://www.usfca.edu/alumni?_gl=1*kv124v*_gcl_au*MTUwOTg0Mzk4NS4xNzI1NDM3MDYy*FPAU*MTUwOTg0Mzk4NS4xNzI1NDM3MDYy*_ga*MTg
1OTkyNTMxOC4xNzI1NDM3MDYz*_ga_J3HJ7NQ7GM*MTcyNTQzNzA2Mi4xLjEuMTcyNTQzNzYyMy4wLjAuMTY3ODQ3NjMw*_fplc*dHRFNTFSang1dEJpU0Rn
ZVVNQ2JmaXZkZUlyOFpaeHVhMGFrdmVpcXduJTJCVUxRZk9yVzR4Q3lrWWpGT3FkcE5jejA5RlZURHhoaTB4WSUyQjJ0dUZBU21rSGZvZWNRRldpWDdUVHBP
UUE4NUs1ZnkwbDY5ZEJYZzlPdDNFSGRwZyUzRCUzRA..# 
 Alumni | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply (Menu Link) (Menu
Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students Parents Faculty &
Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change Standing For
Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's University Our
History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San Francisco Orange
County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board of Trustees
Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create Impact
Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree Programs
Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research Study
Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate & Professional
Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San Francisco
Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of Education
School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid Undergraduate
Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet Your Admission
Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate Financial Aid
& Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of Aid Visit USF
Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research Research Centers &
Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching Excellence CRASE
Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought & the Ignatian
Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms Our Faculty
Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts & Culture
Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment Student
Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career Planning &
Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events THE USF ALUMNI ASSOCIATION IS A DUES FREE NETWORK FOR ALL USF
advantage. Alumni Resources Benefits Get Involved Staff & Leadership CelebrateUSF CelebrateUSF CelebrateUSF Schedule
Reunions Update Us Update Us Get What You Need Order your official or unofficial transcripts, get information about
student tax forms (1098C), request a duplicate diploma, and more. Get what you need Use Your Benefits Enjoy special
access to the Career Services Center, Gleeson Library, or the Koret Center, because the Hilltop is always your home.
Use your benefits Update Us Update your contact information. And let us know about your successes since graduating from
USF. Update Us Be part of the USF advantage. Get Involved Become a mentor to a USF student. Network with Dons in your
industry. Hold an alumni event. Get Involved Meet the Team Curious who makes up the alumni office? Learn who's who.
Meet the Team Read the Alumni Newsletter Stay up to date with your friends and classmates. Sign Up Support USF Change
students' lives. Support their education and prepare a new generation of global leaders. Support USF Return to USF on a
More Alumni Events September 7 USF President's Reception in Singapore September 7, 2024 6:00PM - 8:30PM Off-Campus
Event - Singapore September 12 USF Community Reception in Jakarta September 12, 2024 6:00PM - 9:30PM Off-Campus Event -
Pullman Jakarta Indonesia Thamrin CBD Hotel October 19 The Silk Speaker Series presents Viola Davis October 19, 2024
San Francisco's Streets Equipped to Lead and Succeed From First-Gen Roots to Nursing Heights Giving Synergy in Science:
Diez Cancer Biology Lab Integrates Student Research Alumnae of the Sacred Heart The Alumnae of the Sacred Heart Lone
Mountain have a special partnership with the University of San Francisco. Learn More Office of Alumni Engagement Main
Campus alumni@usfca.edu (800) 449-4873 Lone Mountain Rossi2800 Turk StreetSan Francisco, CA 94118 Hours Mon.-Fri.
94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external)
Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media
Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title
of San Francisco
Title: Alumnae of the Sacred Heart | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/alumni/alumnae-of-the-sacred-heart 
 Alumnae of the Sacred Heart | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search:
Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link)
Students Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents
for Change Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San
Francisco's University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus
Downtown San Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President &
Leadership Board of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics
Learn to Create Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs
Dual Degree Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support
Undergraduate Research Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions
Advising Graduate & Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates
Executive Education The San Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of
Arts & Sciences School of Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries
Admission & Aid Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates &
Deadlines Meet Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources
International Graduate Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price
Calculator Types of Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty &
Student Research Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies
Center for Teaching Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for
Catholic Social Thought & the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good
Innovation Labs Star Route Farms Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City
The Campus Experience Arts & Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student
Activities Student Employment Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing
Dining on Campus Career Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events THE ALUMNAE OF THE SACRED
HEART LONE MOUNTAIN HAVE A SPECIAL PARTNERSHIP WITH THE UNIVERSITY OF SAN FRANCISCO. Alumnae of the Sacred Heart Home
Alumni Established October 21, 1921, the purpose of the Alumnae of the Sacred Heart is "to aid the religious and
educational work of the Religious of the Sacred Heart in California, in particular through promoting and making
financial contributions to such work and by helping, through meetings, bulletins, and correspondence to maintain the
ties of affection and loyalty which bind their alumnae. Release of "A College on the Hill" Book A history of San
Francisco College for Women/Lone Mountain College, "A College on the Hill" by Joanna Budenz Gallegos '68, will be given
out at the 2018 reunion. The book is also available by contacting Polly M. McMullen. The Lone Mountain board suggests
in lieu of payment that you consider a donation of any amount to the Lone Mountain Legacy Scholarship Fund. Give to the
Lone Mountain Legacy Scholarship Fund Lone Mountain Heritage Room Thanks to the generosity of a Lone Mountain alumna
and educator who wishes to remain anonymous, the charming wood-paneled seminar room on the stairway landing between the
dedicated to the Religious of the Sacred Heart (RSCJ) and is a lasting celebration of the legacy of San Francisco
College for Women/Lone Mountain and the RSCJ who founded it. Image Students assisted the Lone Mountain Alumnae Board in
creating a boutique museum celebrating the legacy and impact of San Francisco College for Women/Lone Mountain in the
endowed Lone Mountain Heritage Room. In 2014, Merrill Amos and Leah Belcner, students in the graduate museum studies
program, curated the first half of the room. In 2016, Nell Herbert '16 MA Museum Studies and Elizabeth "Liz" Migueles
'17, an undergraduate student in graphic design and advertising, curated the remaining half of the room. Lone Mountain
Campus Enhancement Fund In partnership with Thomas Lucas S.J., former USF Professor of Art and Architecture, now Rector
of the Jesuit community in Seattle, the board has developed and promoted a visionary long-range plan to beautify and
enhance the historic Lone Mountain campus. To support this effort, a Lone Mountain Campus Enhancement Fund was created
and a detailed plan with priority projects was announced. Image Students assisted the Lone Mountain Alumnae Board in
creating a boutique museum celebrating the legacy and impact of San Francisco College for Women/Lone Mountain in the
endowed Lone Mountain Heritage Room. In 2014, Merrill Amos and Leah Belcner, students in the graduate museum studies
program, curated the first half of the room. In 2016, Nell Herbert '16 MA Museum Studies and Elizabeth "Liz" Migueles
'17, an undergraduate student in graphic design and advertising, curated the remaining half of the room. Individuals
wishing more information on these projects are encouraged to contact USF Director of Development and Lone Mountain
Mountain Heritage Circle is a special giving society established in 2011 by the Board of Directors of the Alumnae of
the Sacred Heart Lone Mountain in partnership with the University of San Francisco. The Heritage Circle ensures ongoing
recognition of the legacy of San Francisco College for Women (SFCW)/Lone Mountain by supporting two projects: A Lone
Mountain Legacy Scholarship Fund honoring the teaching excellence of the RSCJ who founded the college A Lone Mountain
Campus Enhancement Fund supporting the preservation and beautification of the historic Lone Mountain campus Board of
Directors Alumnae elect three officers and nine directors to two-year terms on the Board of Directors. They are joined
by members of the President's Council, who are long-time alumnae volunteers serving as resources, providing guidance,
support and history to the board. Margaret Burns Ames, Member Virginia Maloney Baldelli, Member Eileen Emerson Boles,
Secretary/Treasurer Tina Burgelman, USF School of Education Marilyn Charm, Member Marilyn Berg Cooper, Member
Georgianna de la Torre, Alternate Joanna Budenz Gallegos, VP/President-Elect Junko Takeuchi Ishii, Member Polly Mullin
McMullen, USF Staff Marina Galvez McKenzie, President's Council Barbara Schwarz Mellin, Alternate Judy Miner, Member
Doreen Glynn Pawski, President Mary "MeMe" Riordan, Alternate Paula March Romanovsky, Member Susie Scurich, Member
Etienne Schier Simon, President's Council Mary Magnano Smith, Member Elizabeth Francisco Thomas, Member Through the
years Previous slide Next slide Professor Mary Jo Cobb and students in the new science wing, 1948 Lone Mountain Tower
Entrance, 1940's - 1950's. Graduation, 1946, in the Little Theater SFCW nursing students at St Joseph's College of
Nursing, 1951. Claire Weidenmuller at the catalog in the Gleason Library reading room, 1933. Claire Weidenmuller
studying in a parlor, 1933. View from the Lone Mountain Tower from the west, 1940's. Education is the Key to
Opportunity Your gift changes lives. It supports the education and preparation of a new generation of global leaders.
Support the Lone Mountain Heritage Circle Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San
Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link
is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News &
Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety
University of San Francisco
Title: CelebrateUSF | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/alumni/celebrateusf 
 CelebrateUSF | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply (Menu Link)
(Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students Parents
Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change
Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's
University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San
Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board
of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create
Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree
Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research
Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate &
Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San
Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of
Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid
Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet
Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate
Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of
Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research
Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching
Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought
& the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms
Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts &
Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment
Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career
Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events CelebrateUSF Home Alumni CelebrateUSF CelebrateUSF is
food and music festival, Viola Davis at the Silk Speaker Series, and more. Alumni, parents, families, faculty, staff,
students, and friends are invited to celebrate all things USF the weekend of October 17-20. Register Online RSVP
Featured Event The Silk Speaker Series presents Viola Davis October 19, 2024 11:00AM - 12:15PM St. Ignatius Church Main
Church October 19 Full Schedule Join us for fun, food, live music, and an engaging Silk Speaker Series conversation.
See the Schedule Celebrate Families Enjoy a weekend of events for the whole family, including a festival atmosphere and
to the Hilltop and reconnecting with fellow alumni. See Reunion Events Remote video URL Hotels and Accommodations See
Rates Office of Alumni Engagement Main Campus alumni@usfca.edu (800) 449-4873 Lone Mountain Rossi2800 Turk StreetSan
Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link
is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News &
Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety
University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/news/maro-guevara 
Enter a Search Term Search: Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for
(Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values
Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond
Carbon Neutral San Francisco's University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San
Francisco Main Campus Downtown San Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage
Rates President & Leadership Board of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office
USF News Academics Learn to Create Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors
Graduate Programs Dual Degree Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic
Support Undergraduate Research Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health
Professions Advising Graduate & Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional
Certificates Executive Education The San Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges
College of Arts & Sciences School of Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health
Professions Libraries Admission & Aid Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International
Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions
Student Resources International Graduate Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of
Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty &
Research Faculty & Student Research Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia
Pacific Studies Center for Teaching Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane
Center for Catholic Social Thought & the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common
Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the
City The Campus Experience Arts & Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student
Activities Student Employment Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing
Brings Life Back to San Francisco's Streets by Edgar Mendez, Office of Development Communications August 28, 2024
Dancing the night away at Downtown First Thursdays. Photo Credit: Sammy Braxton-Haney (@sammyeventphotos). San
organizations like Into The Streets, the city streets are being transformed into platforms for community building and
revitalization. Among the many residents, organizations, artists, and creatives committed to this effort is Maro
cultural resurgence. As San Francisco works to counteract the "doom loop" narrative, which is explored by USF
professors in a recent USF news story, Guevara's efforts are helping reshape the city's vibrant future. Since its
Downtown First Thursdays, turns Second Street between Market and Howard into a massive block party once a month. The
initiative has garnered tremendous success, drawing in diverse crowds that range from young professionals dancing under
growing, as local businesses and the broader community have embraced free community events. According to Guevara,
museums, galleries, bars, and restaurants have all seen increased foot traffic thanks to these events, and many artists
and musicians use the opportunity as a platform to showcase their work. Reflecting on his time at the University of San
Francisco, Guevara credits his involvement in the theater department with shaping his creative and professional
journey. From participating in improv teams to honing his skills in visual and performing arts, USF gave him the
a crucial foundation for students like Guevara, fostering the integration of creativity, social responsibility, and
professional success. With growing support for the arts, USF is committed to empowering students to channel their
establish the Ann Getty Institute of Art and Design and the Ann Getty Endowed Chair. As Into The Streets continues to
proving that sometimes, all it takes to revitalize a city is a little music, street vendors, and the shared joy of
Ann Getty Institute of Art and Design today. Join the next Downtown First Thursdays on September 5, 2024. Related News
Equipped to Lead and Succeed From First-Gen Roots to Nursing Heights Giving Synergy in Science: Diez Cancer Biology Lab
Integrates Student Research Equipped to Lead and Succeed Ready to Embark as a USF LatinX Registered Nurse Share Copy
Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Email more news Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San
Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link
is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News &
Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety
University of San Francisco
Title: Alumni Benefits | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/alumni/alumni-benefits 
 Alumni Benefits | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply (Menu
Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students
Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change
Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's
University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San
Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board
of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create
Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree
Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research
Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate &
Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San
Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of
Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid
Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet
Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate
Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of
Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research
Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching
Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought
& the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms
Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts &
Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment
Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career
Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events Alumni Benefits Home Alumni Benefits On This page
Becoming part of the USF Alumni Network Double Dons Scholarship University Services Tax Preparation for International
Alumni Provident Credit Union Palisades Tahoe Whether you are interested in visiting the Career Services Center,
Gleeson Library, or the Koret Center, USF is happy to provide alumni special access to the university's services.
and as long as you keep your address updated, you will receive the USF Magazine and information about upcoming events.
Center, Gleeson Library, or the Koret Center, USF is happy to provide alumni special access to the university's
services. Koret Center Career Services Athletics Gleeson Library Tax Preparation for International Alumni Glacier Tax
Prep is a tax return preparation software program designed primarily for nonresident alien alumni, students, scholars,
trainees, researchers, and other educational immigration statuses to prepare their U.S. federal income tax forms. Get
Tax Help Provident Credit Union USFs Alumni Association has partnered with Provident Credit Union to provide our alumni
with access to special financial products that are better than a bank's. As a graduate of USF, enjoy lower rates on
auto and home loans and earn higher interest on savings. Provident Credit Union Palisades Tahoe Save on Summer
Adventures Get the lowest rate on Aerial Tram tickets, Bike Rentals, Kids Adventure Camp and more when you book with
your Partner Discount. Partner Discounts Aerial Tram Tickets | Save 30% Bike Rentals | Save 15% On 4-Hour and Full Day
Rentals Kids Adventure Camp | Save 13% Summer Adventure Package | Save 10% Includes Tram, Bungee and Mini Golf Learn
more about Palisades Tahoe Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA
94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external)
Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media
Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title
of San Francisco
Title: CelebrateUSF Schedule | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/celebrate-usf-schedule 
 CelebrateUSF Schedule | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply
(Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students
Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change
Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's
University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San
Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board
of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create
Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree
Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research
Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate &
Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San
Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of
Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid
Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet
Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate
Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of
Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research
Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching
Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought
& the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms
Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts &
Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment
Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career
Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events CelebrateUSF Schedule Home Alumni CelebrateUSF
CelebrateUSF Schedule On This page Register to Attend Thursday, Oct. 17 Friday, Oct. 18 Saturday, Oct. 19 Sunday, Oct.
reunion activities, parent workshops, a food and music festival, the Silk Speaker Series, and more. Alumni, parents,
families, faculty, staff, students, and friends are invited to celebrate all things USF the weekend of October 17-20.
Register for CelebrateUSF Thursday, Oct. 17 Community and a sense of friendship are what make the USF experience
Professions Community Mass 5:30-6:15pm FREE St. Ignatius Church School of Management Centennial Kickoff Thursday, Oct
17, 6-8pm FREE Koret Lodge Join us to celebrate the School of Management and look ahead to its upcoming centennial
Fillmore St, San Francisco, CA 94117 Image Honoring the Pursuit of Health Justice: Celebrating 70 Years of Educating
in the San Francisco Market Study Abroad and Immersion trips From Curriculum to Career: Why Internships and LinkedIn
Scopo Divino, 2800 California St #101, San Francisco, CA 94115 Image Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130
Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is
external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us
Directory Careers at USF News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps &
Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Visit Give to USF myUSF Consumer Information Privacy Statement Web
Title: USF Community Reception in Jakarta | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/event/usf-community-reception-jakarta/11658542 
 USF Community Reception in Jakarta | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term
Search: Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu
Link) Students Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots
Agents for Change Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San
Francisco's University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus
Downtown San Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President &
Leadership Board of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics
Learn to Create Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs
Dual Degree Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support
Undergraduate Research Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions
Advising Graduate & Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates
Executive Education The San Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of
Arts & Sciences School of Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries
Admission & Aid Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates &
Deadlines Meet Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources
International Graduate Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price
Calculator Types of Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty &
Student Research Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies
Center for Teaching Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for
Catholic Social Thought & the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good
Innovation Labs Star Route Farms Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City
The Campus Experience Arts & Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student
Activities Student Employment Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing
Dining on Campus Career Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events USF Community Reception in
Jakarta 12September 6:00PM - 9:30PM Off-Campus Event - Pullman Jakarta Indonesia Thamrin CBD Hotel RSVP Share Copy
Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Email USF alumni, parents, and friends are invited to a memorable evening at the 5 star
Fitzgerald, S.J., for an engaging gathering celebrating the vibrant USF community in Indonesia.Pullman Jakarta
Indonesia Thamrin CBD Hotel - Board RoomJl. M.H. Thamrin No.59, Gondangdia, Kec.Jakarta, 10350 more events Site Footer
University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link
is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is
external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore
Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Visit Give to USF myUSF Consumer Information
Title: University of San Francisco
 url: https://shelby.usfca.edu/alumni/alumni_update.html 
 University of San Francisco Apply Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Home Update USF and Share What's New First Name Middle
Name Last Name Maiden Name or Last Name at Graduation Preferred Email Please Choose Home Work Email Address * Confirm
Email Address * Thank you for providing your email address, which allows us to share news and information with you
about USF. Class Year Please choose 2030 2029 2028 2027 2026 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016 2015
2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1993 1992 1991
1990 1989 1988 1987 1986 1985 1984 1983 1982 1981 1980 1979 1978 1977 1976 1975 1974 1973 1972 1971 1970 1969 1968 1967
1966 1965 1964 1963 1962 1961 1960 1959 1958 1957 1956 1955 1954 1953 1952 1951 1950 1949 1948 1947 1946 1945 1944 1943
1942 1941 1940 1939 1938 1937 1936 1935 1934 1933 1932 1931 1930 Degree School or College of Graduation Please choose
College of Arts & Sciences School of Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health
Professions Gender Please choose Male Female Prefer not to State Employment + Employer Name Job Title Phone + Preferred
Phone Please Choose Home Work Mobile Home Work Mobile Preferred Mailing Address + Preferred Mailing Address Please
Choose Home Business Street Address 1 Street Address 2 Street Address 3 City State Zip Country Send us your news!
Submissions may appear in all USF publications. (Notes are limited to 400 characters.) We would be happy to consider
your photos with a Class Note submission. Please send them to classnotes@usfca.edu. First Name * * Please Enter your
Name Middle Name Last Name * * Please Enter your Name Maiden Name or Last Name at Graduation Class Year Please choose
2030 2029 2028 2027 2026 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007
2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1993 1992 1991 1990 1989 1988 1987 1986 1985 1984 1983
1982 1981 1980 1979 1978 1977 1976 1975 1974 1973 1972 1971 1970 1969 1968 1967 1966 1965 1964 1963 1962 1961 1960 1959
1958 1957 1956 1955 1954 1953 1952 1951 1950 1949 1948 1947 1946 1945 1944 1943 1942 1941 1940 1939 1938 1937 1936 1935
1934 1933 1932 1931 1930 Degree Email Address * * Please Enter your Email Address Email Type --None-- Personal Work
Other Email Preferences Opt me into all USF Emails (includes newsletters, event emails, announcements) Opt me into USF
School of Management Alumni Event emails only (1 - 2 emails per month) Address + Updating your address helps us send
you relevant information about USF events and opportunities in your area. Street Address 1 Street Address 2 City State
Zip Country The above address is my... --None-- Home Work Other Phone + Mobile Home Work Preferred Phone --None-- Home
Work Mobile Other Send us your news! + Submissions may appear in all USF publications. (Notes are limited to 400
characters.) Notes will be edited for clarity and space. By submitting a note, you are certifying that all information
is correct, and you give USF permission to publish it in print and online. Notes will be edited for clarity and space.
By submitting a note, you are certifying that all information is correct, and you give USF permission to publish it in
print and online. Footer menu Consumer Information Privacy Statement Web Accessibility
Title: Double Dons Scholarship - Office of Financial Aid | myUSF
 url: https://myusf.usfca.edu/financial-aid/double-dons-scholarship 
 Double Dons Scholarship - Office of Financial Aid | myUSF Skip to main content Mobile Menu Academics Toggle submenu
Academic Calendar Bookstore Canvas CASA Dean's Honor Roll Catalog Graduation Apply for Graduation Library Printing
Registration Class Schedule & Final Exams Student Records Transcripts Study Abroad Student Services Toggle submenu
Billing & Tuition Tuition & Fees View & Pay Career Services Financial Aid Outside Scholarships International Student &
Scholar Services Learning, Writing, & Speaking Centers One Card Privacy Information for Students (FERPA) Public Safety
Student Conduct, Rights & Responsibilities Student Disability Services Student Employment Health & Wellness Toggle
submenu Counseling & Psychological Services Health Promotion Services Immunization Insurance Koret Health & Recreation
Center Title IX Campus Life Toggle submenu Athletics Campus Map Cultural Centers Dining Events Calendar Housing Off
Campus Housing Room & Board Rates Orientation ROTC Student Leadership & Engagement University Ministry Offices Toggle
submenu Accounting & Business Services Business & Finance Events Management Facilities Management General Counsel Human
Resources ITS Marketing Communications President Provost Purchasing Strategic Enrollment Management Student Life All
Offices Schools & Centers Toggle submenu Schools Arts & Sciences Education Law Management Nursing & Health Professions
Centers Center for Research, Artistic, & Scholarly Excellence Center for Teaching Excellence Institute for Nonviolence
and Social Justice Joan and Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought & the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy
Center for Public Service & the Common Good McGrath Institute for Jesuit Catholic Education Include USFCA.EDU Log In
Return to USF on a Double Dons Scholarship Learn more for less Graduating soon? Receive your diploma years ago? Either
Double Dons Scholarship covers 20 percent of tuition for your graduate program. No separate application is needed.
You'll automatically be considered for the scholarship when you apply to a participating graduate program at USF for
the summer, fall, or spring terms in the 2024-25 academic year. If you are accepted to the program, the Double Dons
Scholarship will be applied to your student account once you submit your enrollment deposit. To be eligible for a
Double Dons Scholarship, you must be in good academic standing and be a graduating student in the Class of 2024 or a
USF alum. Request Info on the Double Dons Scholarship Frequently Asked Questions What is the actual scholarship award?
The Double Dons Scholarship is restricted to tuition, and does not cover fees or housing. Other institutional awards
(including cohort discounts, school/program merit awards, athletics scholarships) cannot be stacked on top of this 20
percent tuition scholarship. In the event you are eligible for both the Double Dons Scholarship and another award, you
will be offered the larger of the two awards. Exceptions may apply. The scholarship does not cover undergraduate
programs starting in the summer, fall, or spring). The scholarship does not apply to additional or optional units that
students choose to take in the first year of the program, beyond the standard number of units required in the selected
graduate program. Which graduate programs are included? Eligible programs include all credit-bearing post-baccalaureate
Master of Science in biology, Master of Science in chemistry, Master of Laws, Master of Legal Studies in Taxation, and
Marriage and Family Therapy, MA. All doctoral programs in the School of Nursing Professions also participate. 4+1
programs are not eligible for the Double Dons scholarship. Any other restrictions? The Double Dons Scholarship is
restricted to tuition, and does not cover fees or housing. Other institutional awards (including cohort discounts,
school/program merit awards, athletics scholarships) cannot be stacked on top of this 20 percent tuition scholarship.
In the event you are eligible for both the Double Dons Scholarship and another award, you will be offered the larger of
the two awards. Exceptions may apply. The scholarship does not cover undergraduate prerequisite courses. The
fall, or spring). The scholarship does not apply to additional or optional units that students choose to take in the
first year of the program, beyond the standard number of units required in the selected graduate program. If I defer my
admission for one semester or one year, will my Double Dons Scholarship still apply? You may defer admission for up to
participation of the program. Scholarship programs are subject to change. Is there a minimum number of hours required?
How will I know what my remaining eligibility is for the award? There is no minimum number of units required beyond any
stated program requirements. I am a USF alum and already enrolled in a USF graduate program. Am I eligible for the
scholarship? Students who have been admitted to a participating USF graduate program starting summer, fall, or spring
2024 forward and who meet the eligibility requirements will automatically receive a Double Dons scholarship. What if I
have other questions? Please follow up with the contact in your program's college. We are happy to help. College of
Arts and Sciences: Amy Fogliani, Director, Office of Admissionafogliani@usfca.edu School of Education: Nicole Cuadro,
Director of Admission and Outreachncuadro@usfca.edu School of Management: Hannah Artis, Director of Graduate
Admissions, Masagung Graduate School of Managementhartis@usfca.edu School of Nursing and Health Professions: Patrik
Donahue, Director of Graduate Enrollmentpdonahue@usfca.edu Eligible Programs Explore participating Double Dons
programs, grouped thematically. Climate Resilience & Energy Transition, Environmental Studies Energy Systems
Management, MS Environmental Management, MS Public Policy, Health & Service Organization and Leadership, MA
Organization and Leadership with Preliminary Admin. Services Credential, MA Public Administration, MPA Public Health,
MPH Public Leadership, MA Urban and Public Affairs, MA Technology & AI Applied Economics, MS Computer Science, MS
Computer Science Bridge, MS Data Science, MS Educational Technology, MA Educational Technology with Credential, MA
Information Systems, MSIS Master of Science in Digital Health Informatics, MSDHI Life Sciences Biotechnology, PSM
Entertainment & Art Museum Studies, MA Sport Management, MS Communication & Literature Professional Communication, MA
Writing, MFA International Affairs, Education, Language & Culture Human Rights Education, MA International and
Multicultural Education, EdD International and Multicultural Education, EdD with Preliminary Admin. Services Credential
International and Multicultural Education, MA International Studies, MA Migration Studies, MA Teaching English to
Speakers of Other Languages, MA Teaching English to Speakers of Other Languages with Credential, MA Teaching English to
MS International & Development Economics, MS Organization and Leadership, EdD Organization and Leadership, EdD with
Preliminary Admin. Services Credential Healthcare & Social Assistance Doctor of Psychology, Clinical Psychology, PsyD
master's degree Master of Science in Digital Health Informatics, MSDHI Nursing Practice, DNP Psychiatric-Mental Health
School Counseling/PPS Credential, MA Doctor of Psychology, Clinical Psychology, PsyD Nursing Practice, DNP Management &
Business Entrepreneurship & Innovation, MS Marketing Intelligence, MS MBA, Full-Time MBA, Part-Time MBA, Executive
Sport Management, MS Educator Preparation Programs Catholic Educational Leadership, MA Catholic Educational Leadership,
MA with Preliminary Admin. Services Credential Special Education with Mild/Moderate Specialist Credential, MA Special
Certificate, MA Teaching Reading with Certificate and Credential, MA Public Scholarship & Social Science Catholic
Educational Leadership, EdD Catholic Educational Leadership, EdD with Preliminary Admin. Services Credential Higher
Education and Student Affairs, MA International and Multicultural Education, EdD International and Multicultural
Education - concentration in Human Rights Education (EdD) International and Multicultural Education - concentration in
Racial Justice and Education (EdD) Learning and Instruction, EdD Organization and Leadership, EdD MENU Financial Aid
Financial Aid USF Financial Aid Guide Policies Types of Aid Double Dons Scholarship Federal Aid State Aid Institutional
Aid Outside Scholarships Private Loans Additional Resources FAFSA Simplification Forms Appeals Federal Student Loan
Repayment Veterans Enrollment Services Financial Aid Outreach Event Request Meet With Us USFCA Mobile Library
Directions Feedback Title IX Privacy Statement Web Accessibility
Title: From First-Gen Roots to Nursing Heights | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/news/from-first-gen-roots-to-nursing-heights 
 From First-Gen Roots to Nursing Heights | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term
Search: Visit usfca.edu Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Our
Difference Mission, Vision & Values Our People Our Leadership Our Faculty Alumni San Francisco Advantage Accreditation
News Offices & Services Employment 70 Years Anniversary 70 Stories of Impact Our History & Sisters of Mercy Our
Programs Undergraduate Programs Nursing, BSN Public Health, BS Graduate Programs Clinical Psychology, PsyD Family Nurse
Practitioner, DNP Nursing, MSN Psychiatric Mental Health Nurse Practitioner, DNP Public Health, MPH Health Systems
Leadership, DNP Engagement & Impact Simulation Center & Clinical Skills Lab Clinical Skills Lab Simulation Center
Service Abroad & Immersion Programs Preceptor Program School Life Events Crawford Lecture Organizations & Activities
Admission & Aid Application Deadlines Financing Your Education International Students Request Information Undocumented
Students & DACA Equipped to Lead and Succeed From First-Gen Roots to Nursing Heights How family, determination, and
of immigrants, I was surrounded by the sounds and smells of my parents' homeland. My parents had left behind their
struggles and sacrifices to build a new life for my older brother and me. As I grew older, I began to realize the
magnitude of their sacrifices. Image My parents worked tirelessly to provide for our family, often taking on multiple
jobs to make ends meet. They instilled a strong work ethic and a sense of responsibility, which would serve me well in
my future nursing career. Back in high school, I began to explore different career paths. I was drawn to the sciences
and was fascinated by the human body. After some twists and turns, I enthusiastically transferred to USF. Throughout my
nursing program, I've navigated the challenges of balancing multiple responsibilities, including supporting my family,
pursuing my education, and serving as a residential advisor, while working multiple jobs. Despite the challenges, I've
found the experience to be incredibly rewarding. I am surrounded by fellow transfer students from diverse backgrounds
and cultures, and we all share a common goal of becoming compassionate and skilled nurses. With this supportive network
by my side, I've discovered a more profound sense of belonging and felt my passion reignited, fueling my pursuit of
goals with unwavering determination. During my clinical rotations, I was struck by the impact nurses have on patients'
lives. I saw how nurses went above and beyond to provide care and comfort to patients and their families. I knew I
wanted to be a part of that. One nurse who has left a lasting impact on my life is Dr. Mary Lou De Natale. During my
mental health and community and mental health rotation, Dr. De Natale allowed us to truly immerse ourselves in our
local communities to work at the food pantry, provide telehealth services to those in need, support elders at the
community center, and however else we could bring care and support to those around us. This was a rewarding experience
that allowed me to see how nursing extends from the bedside to our community. I saw how nurses went above and beyond to
provide care and comfort to patients and their families. I knew I wanted to be a part of that. A memorable experience
at USF was in February 2024. I was sponsored by Stanford to attend NBNA Day on Capitol Hill. It was an experience like
no other. I was thrilled to put what I learned in my theory classes into practice, leveraging my knowledge to inform
and advocate for legislative changes that positively impact healthcare and social justice. I met and spoke with
incredible nurse leaders, instructors, and policymakers. Through this opportunity, I researched evidence-based
practices, addressed inequities in Black maternal health, diversified the nursing workforce, and tackled pressing
issues like infant mortality, climate change, gun violence, and obesity, contributing to a more equitable society. I
gained a deep understanding of the impact nurses have on patient outcomes, from the frontlines of direct care to
outpatient clinics and leadership roles. I discovered the critical role nurses play in shaping patient experiences and
the meaningful differences they make in the world. As I continue to grow and develop as a future nurse, I want to
embody the qualities of compassion, knowledge, and strength. I'm reminded of the wise words of Florence Nightingale
importance of not just having technical skills and knowledge, but also having the moral courage and empathy to truly
make a difference in the lives of others. I strive to carry these values with me as I transition into my nursing
career. I look forward to sharing my skills and compassion with patients and families while making my loved ones proud.
Scholarship Story Share Copy Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Email more news Site Footer 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA
94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external)
Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Careers at USF Contact Us Directory News & Media
Academics Academic Calendar Bookstore Course Catalog Library Campus Campus Safety Maps & Directions Title IX Virtual
of San Francisco
Title: Alumni | University of San Francisco
 url:
https://www.usfca.edu/alumni?_gl=1*kv124v*_gcl_au*MTUwOTg0Mzk4NS4xNzI1NDM3MDYy*FPAU*MTUwOTg0Mzk4NS4xNzI1NDM3MDYy*_ga*MTg
1OTkyNTMxOC4xNzI1NDM3MDYz*_ga_J3HJ7NQ7GM*MTcyNTQzNzA2Mi4xLjEuMTcyNTQzNzYyMy4wLjAuMTY3ODQ3NjMw*_fplc*dHRFNTFSang1dEJpU0Rn
ZVVNQ2JmaXZkZUlyOFpaeHVhMGFrdmVpcXduJTJCVUxRZk9yVzR4Q3lrWWpGT3FkcE5jejA5RlZURHhoaTB4WSUyQjJ0dUZBU21rSGZvZWNRRldpWDdUVHBP
UUE4NUs1ZnkwbDY5ZEJYZzlPdDNFSGRwZyUzRCUzRA..#main-content 
 Alumni | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply (Menu Link) (Menu
Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students Parents Faculty &
Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change Standing For
Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's University Our
History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San Francisco Orange
County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board of Trustees
Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create Impact
Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree Programs
Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research Study
Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate & Professional
Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San Francisco
Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of Education
School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid Undergraduate
Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet Your Admission
Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate Financial Aid
& Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of Aid Visit USF
Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research Research Centers &
Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching Excellence CRASE
Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought & the Ignatian
Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms Our Faculty
Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts & Culture
Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment Student
Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career Planning &
Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events THE USF ALUMNI ASSOCIATION IS A DUES FREE NETWORK FOR ALL USF
advantage. Alumni Resources Benefits Get Involved Staff & Leadership CelebrateUSF CelebrateUSF CelebrateUSF Schedule
Reunions Update Us Update Us Get What You Need Order your official or unofficial transcripts, get information about
student tax forms (1098C), request a duplicate diploma, and more. Get what you need Use Your Benefits Enjoy special
access to the Career Services Center, Gleeson Library, or the Koret Center, because the Hilltop is always your home.
Use your benefits Update Us Update your contact information. And let us know about your successes since graduating from
USF. Update Us Be part of the USF advantage. Get Involved Become a mentor to a USF student. Network with Dons in your
industry. Hold an alumni event. Get Involved Meet the Team Curious who makes up the alumni office? Learn who's who.
Meet the Team Read the Alumni Newsletter Stay up to date with your friends and classmates. Sign Up Support USF Change
students' lives. Support their education and prepare a new generation of global leaders. Support USF Return to USF on a
More Alumni Events September 7 USF President's Reception in Singapore September 7, 2024 6:00PM - 8:30PM Off-Campus
Event - Singapore September 12 USF Community Reception in Jakarta September 12, 2024 6:00PM - 9:30PM Off-Campus Event -
Pullman Jakarta Indonesia Thamrin CBD Hotel October 19 The Silk Speaker Series presents Viola Davis October 19, 2024
San Francisco's Streets Equipped to Lead and Succeed From First-Gen Roots to Nursing Heights Giving Synergy in Science:
Diez Cancer Biology Lab Integrates Student Research Alumnae of the Sacred Heart The Alumnae of the Sacred Heart Lone
Mountain have a special partnership with the University of San Francisco. Learn More Office of Alumni Engagement Main
Campus alumni@usfca.edu (800) 449-4873 Lone Mountain Rossi2800 Turk StreetSan Francisco, CA 94118 Hours Mon.-Fri.
94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external)
Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media
Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title
of San Francisco
Title: The Silk Speaker Series presents Viola Davis | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/event/silk-speaker-series-presents-viola-davis/11023732 
 The Silk Speaker Series presents Viola Davis | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search
Term Search: Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link)
(Menu Link) Students Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit
Roots Agents for Change Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral
San Francisco's University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus
Downtown San Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President &
Leadership Board of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics
Learn to Create Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs
Dual Degree Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support
Undergraduate Research Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions
Advising Graduate & Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates
Executive Education The San Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of
Arts & Sciences School of Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries
Admission & Aid Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates &
Deadlines Meet Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources
International Graduate Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price
Calculator Types of Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty &
Student Research Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies
Center for Teaching Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for
Catholic Social Thought & the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good
Innovation Labs Star Route Farms Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City
The Campus Experience Arts & Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student
Activities Student Employment Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing
Dining on Campus Career Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events The Silk Speaker Series
presents Viola Davis 19October 11:00AM - 12:15PM St. Ignatius Church Main Church RSVP Share Copy Facebook Twitter
LinkedIn Email The Silk Speaker Series presents Viola Davis.Thought leaders, elite athletes, diplomats, inventors, and
more have come to the Silk Speaker Series at USF, and this time, Viola Davis graces the stage. Recognized for her
commanding presence on stage and screen, EGOT award-winning actress, producer, and New York Times bestselling author
Viola Davis, known for her leading roles in The Woman King, How to Get Away with Murder, and Fences is a force to be
reckoned with in the world of entertainment.Join us for an afternoon with Viola Davis that promises to be
of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external)
Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect
Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus
Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Visit Give to USF myUSF Consumer Information Privacy
Title: Alumni Staff & Leadership | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/alumni/staff-leadership 
 Alumni Staff & Leadership | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply
(Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students
Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change
Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's
University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San
Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board
of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create
Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree
Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research
Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate &
Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San
Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of
Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid
Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet
Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate
Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of
Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research
Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching
Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought
& the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms
Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts &
Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment
Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career
Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events Alumni Staff & Leadership Home Alumni Staff &
Leadership As members of the University of San Francisco Office of Alumni Engagement, we are committed to providing
alumni with programming and experiences that meet them where they are; globally, based on identity, and in their life
stage; leading to increased connection to USF and its mission. Staff Members Previous slide Next slide Taryn Moore '06
MA '08 Senior Director, Alumni Engagement Email: tmmoore2@usfca.edu Phone: (415) 422-2859 Matilda Tavares MA '18 Senior
Associate Director, Alumni Engagement Email: mtavares@usfca.edu Phone: (415) 422-4084 Bukola Adesokan-Cobb Assistant
Director, Recent Graduate & Student Engagement Email: badesokancobb@usfca.edu Phone: (415) 422-7529 Michael Robison
Assistant Director for Alumni Engagement, Affinity and Identity Email: mrobison4@usfca.edu Phone: (415) 422-7498 Molly
Kastendieck Director of Regional Engagement & Programs Email: mkastendieck@usfca.edu Alumni Board of Directors Image
Executive Committee President: Bobby Lee '07 President-Elect: Hannah Mora '10 Vice President: Carlos Zapata MS '15
'14, Aaron Barrios '19, Bobby Lee '07, Lisa Quan '94, Nina Torres '16, Alex Townsend '21, Daniela Vargas '17, MS, MPH,
Mynor Aragon '02 Education is the Key to Opportunity Your gift changes lives. It supports the education and preparation
of a new generation of global leaders. Support USF Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San
Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link
is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News &
Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety
University of San Francisco
Title: USF President's Reception in Singapore | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/event/usf-presidents-reception-singapore/11659458 
 USF President's Reception in Singapore | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term
Search: Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu
Link) Students Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots
Agents for Change Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San
Francisco's University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus
Downtown San Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President &
Leadership Board of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics
Learn to Create Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs
Dual Degree Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support
Undergraduate Research Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions
Advising Graduate & Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates
Executive Education The San Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of
Arts & Sciences School of Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries
Admission & Aid Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates &
Deadlines Meet Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources
International Graduate Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price
Calculator Types of Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty &
Student Research Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies
Center for Teaching Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for
Catholic Social Thought & the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good
Innovation Labs Star Route Farms Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City
The Campus Experience Arts & Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student
Activities Student Employment Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing
Dining on Campus Career Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events USF President's Reception in
Singapore 07September 6:00PM - 8:30PM Off-Campus Event - Singapore RSVP Share Copy Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Email USF
alumni, parents, and friends are invited to a memorable evening with University President, Fr. Paul J. Fitzgerald,
S.J., for an engaging gathering celebrating the vibrant USF community in Singapore. This special event presents an
excellent opportunity to reconnect with members of the Singapore Alumni Chapter, fellow USF alumni, as well as the
families of current USF students in Singapore.Republic of Singapore Yacht Club - Beacon Restaurant52 West Coast Ferry
RoadSingapore, 126887 more events Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA
94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external)
Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media
Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title
of San Francisco
Title: Reunions | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/reunions 
 Reunions | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply (Menu Link) (Menu
Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students Parents Faculty &
Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change Standing For
Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's University Our
History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San Francisco Orange
County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board of Trustees
Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create Impact
Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree Programs
Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research Study
Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate & Professional
Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San Francisco
Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of Education
School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid Undergraduate
Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet Your Admission
Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate Financial Aid
& Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of Aid Visit USF
Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research Research Centers &
Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching Excellence CRASE
Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought & the Ignatian
Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms Our Faculty
Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts & Culture
Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment Student
Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career Planning &
Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events Reunions Home Alumni CelebrateUSF Reunions Alumni Resources
Benefits Get Involved Staff & Leadership CelebrateUSF CelebrateUSF CelebrateUSF Schedule Reunions Community and a sense
have a laugh! Upcoming Reunions Register for CelebrateUSF School of Nursing and Health Professions Community Mass
Thursday, Oct. 17 | 5:30-6:15pm | Free St. Ignatius Church Recent Graduate Reunion (Celebrating Graduates of the Last
Decade) Thursday, Oct. 17 | 6-8pm | $10 Church of Eight Wheels, San Francisco's Roller Disco 554 Fillmore St, San
Francisco, CA 94117 Honoring the Pursuit of Health Justice: Celebrating 70 Years of Educating and Graduating Nurses and
Health Professionals Thursday, Oct. 17 | 6:30-8pm | Free for SONHP Alumni, Family, and Friends McLaren Conference
Center Food & Music Festival Reunion Tent Saturday, Oct. 19 | 12-3pm | $25 Hilltop Campus Welch Field Green and Gold
Reunion for the Classes of 1999 and 1994 Saturday, Oct. 19 | 3-6pm | $30 Hilltop Campus Gleeson Atrium Golden 50-Year
Reunion for the Class of 1974 Saturday, Oct. 19 | 5-8pm | $50 Hilltop Campus, McLaren Conference Center Reunion Event
for the Classes of 1979, 1984, and 1989 Saturday, Oct. 19 | 7-9 pm | $30 Hilltop Campus, Fromm Hall Alumni and Family
Mass Sunday, Oct. 20 | 10 am | Free St. Ignatius Church Half Century Brunch for Class of 1974 Graduates and Prior
Sunday, Oct. 20 | 11am-2pm | $40 Hilltop Campus, McLaren Conference Center Become a Reunion Volunteer Interested in
bringing your classmates together and planning your reunion event? Become a reunion volunteer! Reunion volunteers
receive: Free or discounted entry into your reunion events for you and a guest Early access to registration and
preferred seating at your reunion events Invitation to participate in the alumni Mass, limited access events and
presentation of class gifts to university leadership Your name listed on the reunion class committee communications,
including invitations, class gift letters, and the event program Sign Up Make a Gift in Honor of Your Reunion Celebrate
the cherished memories and transformative moments from your time at USF by uniting with your fellow alumni and class to
contribute to the institution that shaped your journey. Reunions go beyond simply reconnecting with former classmates;
they offer a chance to honor your USF journey through the reunion class gift. Each reunion class establishes ambitious
financial and participation targets, sending a powerful message about the commitment to educating individuals who go on
to change the world from here. Any donations made within the calendar year to any area of USF that holds special
significance for you will be considered as part of your class reunion gift. Give Now Hotels and Accommodations USF
Deals The University of San Francisco has established links and preferred rates with selected hotels in San Francisco,
listed below. These rates are subject to availability. It is always prudent to check for potentially better deals
online. See Rates Handlery Located in Union Square between Geary and Mason St. The Handlery Hotel is 3 miles from USF's
Main Campus. See Rates The Stanford Court (Promo Code: UNIVSF) Located downtown San Francisco in between Nob Hill and
Chinatown, the Stanford Court Hotel is 1 mile from USF's Downtown Campus. See Rates Holiday Inn (Corporate ID:
100229955) Centered between Nob Hill, Fisherman's Wharf and Golden Gate Bridge, Holiday Inn is 2.5 miles from USF's
Main Campus and 2 miles from the Downtown Campus. See Rates Hotel Caza Offer Code: USFFF Located at Fisherman's Wharf,
Hotel Caza is 2 miles from USF's Downtown campus and 4 miles from the main campus. See Rates Find Your Reunion Liaison
Image For inquiries regarding reunion programs, events, and volunteer opportunities contact: Matilda Tavares Senior
Associate Director, Alumni Engagementmtavares@usfca.edu 415-422-4084 Image For inquiries regarding making a reunion
gift contact: Sydney Smith Director, Alumni and Reunion Givingsnsmith6@usfca.edu 415-422-4235 Leaving a Legacy When you
include the University of San Francisco in your estate plan, your generosity helps to create a more humane and just
world. Thank you for ensuring that USF can impact those we serve well into the future. Get Started Site Footer
University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link
is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is
external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore
Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Visit Give to USF myUSF Consumer Information
Title: Get Involved | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/alumni/get-involved 
 Get Involved | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply (Menu Link)
(Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students Parents
Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change
Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's
University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San
Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board
of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create
Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree
Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research
Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate &
Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San
Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of
Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid
Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet
Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate
Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of
Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research
Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching
Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought
& the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms
Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts &
Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment
Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career
Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events Get Involved Home Alumni Get Involved On This page
Dons Alumni Volunteer Program NetworkUSF What is NetworkUSF? Join Alumni Groups Alumni Mentor Program Industry Groups
the end of your connection to USF. There are a number of ways you can participate with USF that will benefit you and
our students. From coast to coast, we offer opportunities to connect in person and online. Take a look at the many ways
to get involved through our Dons Alumni Volunteer Program. Volunteer with USF NetworkUSF The NetworkUSF Networking Hub
offers alumni and students the opportunity to connect with one another for career conversations anywhere, at any time.
Alumni and students can search for an alumna/us in the system based on their own specific criteria, including;
location, industry, company, expertise, USF major, or even personal hobbies and interests. The Networking Hub
facilitates brief connections with no commitment expectation. You can choose to connect with alumni for the purpose of
general networking or for an informational interview. NetworkUSF video transcript Visit NetworkUSF What is NetworkUSF?
Why should I sign up for NetworkUSF? For a variety of reasons. Networking and informational interviewing can expand
your contacts and build your knowledge in fields of interest to advance your own career. It also feels great to pay it
forward. You can help members of the USF community unlock their potential by sharing your experiences, expertise, and
recommendations. Giving your time and expertise to others in the USF community is a great way to build your own
coaching and leadership skills. How can I get the most out of NetworkUSF? Be active! Ask questions, join groups, or our
reach out to alumni. People are eager to connect with you. How do I get started to offer my experience/expertise to
others? First, make sure to complete your profile, your areas of expertise, and how you can help. You can link your
NetworkUSF account to your LinkedIn account to automatically fill in some of your information. Set your availability
get a request, we hope you'll accept it, but you do have the option to decline if you don't have time or think it's the
wrong fit. Why do you ask for so many Linkedin permissions? We only gather your profile photo, email address, first and
last name, and work history from Linkedin. There are some limitations to the information that migrates, and the
descriptions of your work experience will not pull into your NetworkUSF profile. The level of permissions we need to
ask for in order to gather that information requires that we also ask for your permission to post as you, although we
up with your email instead and fill out the profile separately. How can I help people who want to connect with me
through the Networking Hub? Share your experiences and career journey with other alumni and students. Help them define
their own goals and support them as they work toward theirs. Be a resource as they develop their career interests and
face new challenges. What do I do once I've connected with someone? Let them know how you want to communicate (phone,
other person what they are seeking your help with. I reached out to someone and did not receive a response. What should
I do? Give them a few days and try sending a follow-up message. If you're still having issues, feel free to reach out
or industry group. How can I learn more? We're excited to hear that you're interested in a leadership role with the USF
Alumni Association. Please complete our interest form and a member of our team will reach out to you soon. Join Alumni
Groups The Alumnae of the Sacred Heart Lone Mountain The Alumnae of the Sacred Heart Lone Mountain have a special
partnership with the University of San Francisco. Alumnae of the Sacred Heart Alumni Book Club Join our virtual
community to connect with fellow University of San Francisco alumni, faculty and staff as we read and discuss various
book genres such as lifelong learning, personal growth, novels and other topics. Scroll down for more information.
Participation is free! Join the Alumni Book Club Alumni Mentor Program The University of San Francisco Alumni Mentor
Program (AMP) brings together alumni with students for mutually beneficial career advancement and community building.
The program inspires excellence by providing alumni an important way to stay connected and by giving students new
Industry Groups facilitate the exchange of ideas between alumni working in the Technology, Healthcare, Real Estate,
Entertainment, and Financial Services industries. We invite alumni who are professionals in one of these industries, or
who are interested in networking with fellow alumni in one of these industries to connect, re-connect, and network with
fellow alumni. Affinity & Identity Groups USFs affinity and identity groups provide alumni with the opportunity to
connect based on an area of shared interest. Our current affinity and identity groups include the Asia Pacific Alumni
Network, Black Alumni Society, Latino Alumni Society, and LGBTQ+ and Allies. APAN Podcast The Asia Pacific Alumni
Network (APAN) Podcast is a series of conversations with USF alumni in the Asian American, Pacific Islander, and Native
Hawaiian (AAPINH) community. We hear from alumni across multiple industries who share how USF impacted their careers
and how their culture and heritage helped shape and inform who they are. Episode One APAN podcast transcript Episode
Two APAN Podcast Episode Two Transcript Episode Three APAN Podcast Episode Three Transcript Episode Four APAN Podcast
an opportunity to stay connected with the alumni living and working in their region. Each Regional Council fosters
community by hosting social, networking, and community service events. We invite you to connect with fellow alumni in
San Francisco, East Bay, North Bay, on the Peninsula, in Southern California, and in New York. Site Footer University
of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external)
Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect
Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus
Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Visit Give to USF myUSF Consumer Information Privacy
 url: https://maps.google.com/?q=Lone%20Mountain%20Rossi%202800%20Turk%20Street%20San%20Francisco,%20CA%2094118 
Title: 
	University of San Francisco Athletics - Official Athletics Website
 url: https://usfdons.com/ 
 University of San Francisco Athletics - Official Athletics Website Skip To Main Content Pause All Rotators University
of San Francisco Athletics Buy Tickets opens in new tab Donate opens in new tab Shop Now opens in new tab Main
Navigation Baseball Baseball: Facebook Baseball: Twitter Baseball: Instagram Baseball: Tickets Baseball: Schedule
Baseball: Roster Baseball: News Basketball Basketball: Facebook Basketball: Twitter Basketball: Instagram Basketball:
Tickets Basketball: Schedule Basketball: Roster Basketball: News Cross Country Cross Country: Facebook Cross Country:
Twitter Cross Country: Instagram Cross Country: Schedule Cross Country: Roster Cross Country: News Golf Golf: Facebook
Golf: Twitter Golf: Instagram Golf: Schedule Golf: Roster Golf: News Soccer Soccer: Facebook Soccer: Twitter Soccer:
Instagram Soccer: Tickets Soccer: Schedule Soccer: Roster Soccer: News Track and Field Track and Field: Facebook Track
and Field: Twitter Track and Field: Instagram Track and Field: Schedule Track and Field: Roster Track and Field: News
Basketball Basketball: Facebook Basketball: Twitter Basketball: Instagram Basketball: Tickets Basketball: Schedule
Basketball: Roster Basketball: News Beach Volleyball Beach Volleyball: Instagram Beach Volleyball: Schedule Beach
Volleyball: Roster Beach Volleyball: News Cross Country Cross Country: Facebook Cross Country: Twitter Cross Country:
Instagram Cross Country: Schedule Cross Country: Roster Cross Country: News Golf Golf: Facebook Golf: Twitter Golf:
Instagram Golf: Schedule Golf: Roster Golf: News Soccer Soccer: Facebook Soccer: Twitter Soccer: Instagram Soccer:
Tickets Soccer: Schedule Soccer: Roster Soccer: News Track and Field Track and Field: Facebook Track and Field: Twitter
Track and Field: Instagram Track and Field: Schedule Track and Field: Roster Track and Field: News Triathlon Triathlon
: Facebook Triathlon : Twitter Triathlon : Instagram Triathlon : Schedule Triathlon : Roster Triathlon : News
Volleyball Volleyball: Facebook Volleyball: Twitter Volleyball: Instagram Volleyball: Tickets Volleyball: Schedule
Volleyball: Roster Volleyball: News Buy Tickets The Sobrato Club My Account Donation Request Form TicketSmarter:
Official Ticket Resale Partner Accessing Single Game Tickets How To: Transfer Tickets How To: Purchase Tickets on your
Phone Men's Basketball Women's Basketball Women's Soccer Men's Soccer Baseball Volleyball Ticketing Policies and
Procedures Venue Seating Charts USF Virtual Tour/Campus Map Email Call: 415-422-2873 (2USF) Staff Directory Athletic
Performance Compliance Facilities Marketing Partners Media Relations Sports Medicine Employment Opportunties Community
Service University Website Prospective USF Student-Athletes USF Office of Admissions USF Virtual Tour KNBR 1050-AM Live
Stats The WCC Network Facebook Instagram Twitter YouTube Championship Tradition San Francisco All-Americans Dons in the
Pros Dons in the Olympics All-Time Roster Hall of Fame Hilltop Awards Provident Credit Union Dons Honor Club Provident
Credit Union Dons Honor Club Join the Provident Credit Union Dons Honor Club What's a Don Spirit Program Calendar of
Events Story Archives Connect on Twitter Connect on Instagram Connect on Facebook Advertise with USF Athletics Make a
Gift Purchase Tickets Swanson Memorial Golf Tournament Gear Up (Official Online Store) Ticketing Policies and
Procedures Parking Information Venue Seating Charts USF Virtual Tour/Campus Map The Hilltop Club San Francisco NIL
Marketplace Toggle Scoreboard Events Results Upcoming Composite Calendar + Top Stories Advertisement Skip Ad Events
| 415.422.2873 Terms of Service, opens in new window Privacy Policy, opens in new window Accessibility Do Not Sell or
Share My Personal Information Sidearm Sports, opens a new window Ad Blocker Detected Thanks for visiting ! The use of
software that blocks ads hinders our ability to serve you the content you came here to enjoy. We ask that you consider
turning off your ad blocker so we can deliver you the best experience possible while you are here. Thank you for your
support! Learn More About Ad Blockers Close
Title: Welcome University of San Francisco
 url: https://providentcu.org/usf 
 Welcome University of San Francisco Skip to Main Content You are still signed on to online banking. Auto-sign-off in
Return to Online Banking Sign Off Personal Business Menu Sign on Locations Help Appointment Search Search Accounts and
Services Checking Accounts Savings Accounts Term Share Certificates Investing and Retirement Online Banking Transfers
Insurance Health Savings Loans and Credit Mortgages Auto Loans Equity Loans and HELOC Personal Loans Credit Cards
Continue Application About Provident Who We Are Who We Serve Become a Member Careers and Culture Resources Contact
Financial Wellness Welcome New Members PCU Blog Security and Fraud Application and Form Center Seminars and Events
Calculators Schedule Appointment Welcome University of San Francisco Special Offers Skip Secondary Navigation Welcome
USF Pick-A-Term Certificate Credit Cards Auto Loan Discount Mortgage Loan Discount Financial Wellness Center USF
Student Organization Grants Provident Credit Union membership gives you access to special financial products that are
better than a bank's. You'll especially enjoy lower rates on auto loans and home loans and earn higher interest on
savings and checking accounts. The University of San Francisco is providing this benefit because they care about your
financial health. Our products, services and educational tools can help you secure your financial future, enjoy peace
of mind, and achieve your goals. LET'S START YOU OFF WITH $300 Earn $300 when you open a qualifying checking account
with Provident and meet the requirements outlined below. Be sure to use promo code 9166 when applying. Open a Checking
Account To earn the $300 new account bonus123, simply do these four things: 1. Deposit Deposit a minimum of $25 within
the first 60 days of account opening. 2. Make Purchases Make purchases of $400 or more using a Provident debit and/or
credit card215 for two consecutive months, starting the month following your checking account opening 3. Set-Up Direct
Deposit Have direct deposits or automatic credits of at least $500 for two consecutive months, starting the month
following your checking account opening 4. Enroll Enroll in online banking and eDocuments with a valid email address.
Featured Accounts: Features No monthly fees, minimum balance, overdraft, or NSF (Non-Sufficient Funds) fees150 Get paid
up to two days early with direct deposit151 Manage your money 24/7 through our online banking or mobile app Receive
instant text or email alerts for account activity Digital Edge This digital account is ideal if you're seeking a
seamless, check-free, and paperless banking solution. It offers a simple, secure, and mobile-friendly way to manage
your finances on-the-go. Product Details Apply Features No monthly fees or minimum balance requirement007 High-yield
dividends on balances up to $25,000129 Unlimited ATM use with no Provident surcharge Up to $12 per month in rebates for
third-party ATM surcharges125 Free Overdraft Transfer Protection002 Free official checks111 Super Reward Checking EARN
1.26% APY010 This high yield checking account offers all the best features you'd want in a checking account while
first to know about new products, services, and special offers. First Name* Last Name* Email* Are you a Provident
Member?* Yes No By submitting this form, you consent to receive marketing emails from Provident Credit Union. You may
opt-out of receiving communications at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link in the emails.* Schedule Appointment
Schedule an appointment with a specialist to discuss your banking, mortgage, auto loan, or investment needs. Schedule
Online Find a Location Provident has 21 branch locations and access to nearly 30,000 surcharge-free ATMs. The CO-Op
Shared Branch network has access to over 5,000 credit union branches nationwide. Locate a Branch Member Discounts Enjoy
exclusive member savings on services, products, and local attractions! Member Discounts Disclosures 002) In the event
of an overdraft, if you have selected certain accounts to be used for Overdraft Transfer Protection and the funds are
available to cover the transaction, they are automatically transferred from your other accounts. If you do not have
funds available we offer Courtesy Pay Overdraft (there is a per-item fee for Courtesy Pay Overdraft) Service Charge
Schedule 007) $25 Minimum deposit required to open. Must be 18 years or older to qualify. Limit 1 (one) Super Reward
Checking account per membership. 010) Annual Percentage Yield (APY) is effective as of and may change anytime. These
are the requirements to receive 1.26% APY on balances up to $25,000, 0.08% APY on balances beyond the first $25,000,
and ATM rebates. 1) make purchases of $400 or more using a Provident debit and/or credit card, 2) complete one direct
deposit or ACH transfer (automatic debit or credit), and 3) receive online e-Documents. If the 3 requirements are not
met in their entirety, the APY will be 0% and no ATM rebates will be issued for that month. All qualifying purchases
and transactions referred to as "per month" or "monthly" only count towards the requirement of the month in which they
purchase/transaction date. Automatic or electronic payments using your checking account and routing number are not
considered purchases. By providing your payee with your debit or credit card number, your posted automatic payments
will be counted as eligible purchases. Some bill payments will meet the monthly requirement for an ACH debit or credit
transaction. Debit card cash-back amounts and cash advances on credit cards do not count towards qualifications. Only
one Visa credit card can have its purchases count towards your qualifications each month (whichever one that is
selected on the account on the last business day of the month). The minimum deposit required to open this Account is
$25. No minimum balance required and no monthly fee will be assessed. To qualify you must also be a member and age 18
or older. Fees may reduce earnings. Dividends are forfeited if the account is closed prior to scheduled dividend
payment date. Effective February 1, 2013 no more than 1 (one) Super Reward Checking account can be opened per
membership. 123) This offer is only valid for NEW Provident Checking Accounts and NEW Provident Credit Union members,
18 or older, who reside in California. Offer limited to one per individual and one per household and address. To be
eligible, you must open one of the following checking accounts: Super Reward Checking, Provident Checking, Simply Free
Checking, or a Digital Edge Account; all other checking accounts are not eligible for the bonus. New Account Bonus
offer may expire anytime. This offer cannot be combined with any other offers. The minimum balance for the Membership
Savings account is $5.00. You must fund your Checking account within the first 60 days of account opening with a
minimum deposit of $25. If you fail to fund your Checking account within the first 60 days you are no longer eligible
for the New Account Bonus and your account(s) will be closed. In order to qualify for your New Account Bonus your
account must be active and in good standing for two consecutive months following the month that your account is opened.
All qualifying purchases and transactions referred to as "per month" or "monthly" only count towards the requirement of
from the purchase/transaction date. Your account is deemed active by: (1) making purchases of $400 or more using a
debit and/or credit card per month, AND (2) performing monthly direct deposits or automatic credits of at least $500
into your checking account, AND (3) enrolling in Provident's online banking service and e-Documents with valid e-mail
address. If your account remains inactive after 90 days from account opening you are no longer eligible for the New
regular deposits to bring your account to a positive end of day balance at least once every 30 days (including the
payment of all credit union fees and charges); (2) avoid excessive overdrafts suggesting the use of Courtesy Pay
Overdraft as a continuing line of credit; (3) there are no legal orders, levies or liens against your account. New
Account Bonus: The New Account Bonus will typically be credited to your Provident Credit Union Checking account within
120 days of account opening. If Provident funded your savings account at the time of opening, you will receive the
difference between the initial $5.00 savings account bonus and the stated bonus within this 120 day period. Please
note, we may report the value of the New Account Bonus to the IRS, and any applicable taxes are the responsibility of
the member. 125) Provident will rebate nationwide ATM surcharge fees imposed by the other institution, up to $12.00 per
month when you meet the monthly minimum requirements. ATM surcharge rebates will be deposited into your Super Reward
Checking Account on the first day of the following month. 129) For Super Reward Checking, dividends paid: 1.26% APY on
balances $0.01 - $25,000; 0.08% APY on balances $25,001 and over; 0% APY if the Super Reward Checking requirements are
not met. Fees may reduce earnings. Limit 1 (one) Super Reward Checking account per membership. 150) While this account
prevents you from overdrawing in most cases, there may still be times when your account could have a negative balance.
This could happen if a transaction is approved for one amount, but the actual charge is more than the amount of money
in your account. For example, when you use your debit card for a meal and then add a tip. In this situation, the full
payment may go through and result in a negative balance on your account, but we will not charge you an overdraft fee.
You will not be able to use your debit card or withdraw from your account until you transfer or deposit enough money to
bring your available balance positive. 151) Not all direct deposits are eligible for early availability, and it is not
guaranteed. Funds may be available up to two days early, depending on when we receive the direct deposit instructions.
215) Automatic or electronic payments using your checking account and routing number are not considered purchases. By
providing your payee with your debit or credit card number, your posted automatic payments will be counted as eligible
purchases. Debit card cash-back amounts and cash advances on credit cards do not count towards qualifications.
Appointments Chat Application and Form Center Careers and Culture Contact Locations Privacy and Disclosures
Accessibility Do Not Sell My Personal Information Routing/Transit Number 321171731 Toll Free (800) 632-4600 Download
the App This credit union is federally insured by the National Credit Union Administration (NCUA) Get CoBrowsing code
Provident Credit Union NMLS #412725 Copyright 2019 - 2024 Provident Credit Union Cookie Consent This website uses
cookies and other tracking technologies to enhance site navigation and analyze usage. By clicking "Accept", you agree
to the storage of cookies on your device per our Cookie Policy.
Title: Alumni Benefits | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/alumni/alumni-benefits# 
 Alumni Benefits | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply (Menu
Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students
Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change
Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's
University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San
Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board
of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create
Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree
Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research
Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate &
Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San
Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of
Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid
Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet
Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate
Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of
Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research
Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching
Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought
& the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms
Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts &
Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment
Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career
Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events Alumni Benefits Home Alumni Benefits On This page
Becoming part of the USF Alumni Network Double Dons Scholarship University Services Tax Preparation for International
Alumni Provident Credit Union Palisades Tahoe Whether you are interested in visiting the Career Services Center,
Gleeson Library, or the Koret Center, USF is happy to provide alumni special access to the university's services.
and as long as you keep your address updated, you will receive the USF Magazine and information about upcoming events.
Center, Gleeson Library, or the Koret Center, USF is happy to provide alumni special access to the university's
services. Koret Center Career Services Athletics Gleeson Library Tax Preparation for International Alumni Glacier Tax
Prep is a tax return preparation software program designed primarily for nonresident alien alumni, students, scholars,
trainees, researchers, and other educational immigration statuses to prepare their U.S. federal income tax forms. Get
Tax Help Provident Credit Union USFs Alumni Association has partnered with Provident Credit Union to provide our alumni
with access to special financial products that are better than a bank's. As a graduate of USF, enjoy lower rates on
auto and home loans and earn higher interest on savings. Provident Credit Union Palisades Tahoe Save on Summer
Adventures Get the lowest rate on Aerial Tram tickets, Bike Rentals, Kids Adventure Camp and more when you book with
your Partner Discount. Partner Discounts Aerial Tram Tickets | Save 30% Bike Rentals | Save 15% On 4-Hour and Full Day
Rentals Kids Adventure Camp | Save 13% Summer Adventure Package | Save 10% Includes Tram, Bungee and Mini Golf Learn
more about Palisades Tahoe Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA
94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external)
Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media
Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title
of San Francisco
Title: Alumni Benefits | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/alumni/alumni-benefits#chapter-12868-Provident-Credit-Union 
 Alumni Benefits | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply (Menu
Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students
Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change
Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's
University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San
Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board
of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create
Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree
Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research
Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate &
Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San
Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of
Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid
Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet
Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate
Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of
Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research
Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching
Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought
& the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms
Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts &
Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment
Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career
Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events Alumni Benefits Home Alumni Benefits On This page
Becoming part of the USF Alumni Network Double Dons Scholarship University Services Tax Preparation for International
Alumni Provident Credit Union Palisades Tahoe Whether you are interested in visiting the Career Services Center,
Gleeson Library, or the Koret Center, USF is happy to provide alumni special access to the university's services.
and as long as you keep your address updated, you will receive the USF Magazine and information about upcoming events.
Center, Gleeson Library, or the Koret Center, USF is happy to provide alumni special access to the university's
services. Koret Center Career Services Athletics Gleeson Library Tax Preparation for International Alumni Glacier Tax
Prep is a tax return preparation software program designed primarily for nonresident alien alumni, students, scholars,
trainees, researchers, and other educational immigration statuses to prepare their U.S. federal income tax forms. Get
Tax Help Provident Credit Union USFs Alumni Association has partnered with Provident Credit Union to provide our alumni
with access to special financial products that are better than a bank's. As a graduate of USF, enjoy lower rates on
auto and home loans and earn higher interest on savings. Provident Credit Union Palisades Tahoe Save on Summer
Adventures Get the lowest rate on Aerial Tram tickets, Bike Rentals, Kids Adventure Camp and more when you book with
your Partner Discount. Partner Discounts Aerial Tram Tickets | Save 30% Bike Rentals | Save 15% On 4-Hour and Full Day
Rentals Kids Adventure Camp | Save 13% Summer Adventure Package | Save 10% Includes Tram, Bungee and Mini Golf Learn
more about Palisades Tahoe Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA
94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external)
Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media
Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title
of San Francisco
Title: Alumni Benefits | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/alumni/alumni-benefits#chapter-12852-Becoming-part-of-the-USF-Alumni-Network 
 Alumni Benefits | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply (Menu
Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students
Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change
Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's
University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San
Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board
of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create
Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree
Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research
Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate &
Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San
Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of
Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid
Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet
Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate
Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of
Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research
Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching
Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought
& the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms
Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts &
Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment
Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career
Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events Alumni Benefits Home Alumni Benefits On This page
Becoming part of the USF Alumni Network Double Dons Scholarship University Services Tax Preparation for International
Alumni Provident Credit Union Palisades Tahoe Whether you are interested in visiting the Career Services Center,
Gleeson Library, or the Koret Center, USF is happy to provide alumni special access to the university's services.
and as long as you keep your address updated, you will receive the USF Magazine and information about upcoming events.
Center, Gleeson Library, or the Koret Center, USF is happy to provide alumni special access to the university's
services. Koret Center Career Services Athletics Gleeson Library Tax Preparation for International Alumni Glacier Tax
Prep is a tax return preparation software program designed primarily for nonresident alien alumni, students, scholars,
trainees, researchers, and other educational immigration statuses to prepare their U.S. federal income tax forms. Get
Tax Help Provident Credit Union USFs Alumni Association has partnered with Provident Credit Union to provide our alumni
with access to special financial products that are better than a bank's. As a graduate of USF, enjoy lower rates on
auto and home loans and earn higher interest on savings. Provident Credit Union Palisades Tahoe Save on Summer
Adventures Get the lowest rate on Aerial Tram tickets, Bike Rentals, Kids Adventure Camp and more when you book with
your Partner Discount. Partner Discounts Aerial Tram Tickets | Save 30% Bike Rentals | Save 15% On 4-Hour and Full Day
Rentals Kids Adventure Camp | Save 13% Summer Adventure Package | Save 10% Includes Tram, Bungee and Mini Golf Learn
more about Palisades Tahoe Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA
94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external)
Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media
Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title
of San Francisco
Title: Alumni Benefits | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/alumni/alumni-benefits#chapter-39222-Double-Dons-Scholarship 
 Alumni Benefits | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply (Menu
Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students
Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change
Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's
University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San
Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board
of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create
Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree
Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research
Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate &
Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San
Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of
Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid
Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet
Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate
Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of
Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research
Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching
Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought
& the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms
Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts &
Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment
Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career
Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events Alumni Benefits Home Alumni Benefits On This page
Becoming part of the USF Alumni Network Double Dons Scholarship University Services Tax Preparation for International
Alumni Provident Credit Union Palisades Tahoe Whether you are interested in visiting the Career Services Center,
Gleeson Library, or the Koret Center, USF is happy to provide alumni special access to the university's services.
and as long as you keep your address updated, you will receive the USF Magazine and information about upcoming events.
Center, Gleeson Library, or the Koret Center, USF is happy to provide alumni special access to the university's
services. Koret Center Career Services Athletics Gleeson Library Tax Preparation for International Alumni Glacier Tax
Prep is a tax return preparation software program designed primarily for nonresident alien alumni, students, scholars,
trainees, researchers, and other educational immigration statuses to prepare their U.S. federal income tax forms. Get
Tax Help Provident Credit Union USFs Alumni Association has partnered with Provident Credit Union to provide our alumni
with access to special financial products that are better than a bank's. As a graduate of USF, enjoy lower rates on
auto and home loans and earn higher interest on savings. Provident Credit Union Palisades Tahoe Save on Summer
Adventures Get the lowest rate on Aerial Tram tickets, Bike Rentals, Kids Adventure Camp and more when you book with
your Partner Discount. Partner Discounts Aerial Tram Tickets | Save 30% Bike Rentals | Save 15% On 4-Hour and Full Day
Rentals Kids Adventure Camp | Save 13% Summer Adventure Package | Save 10% Includes Tram, Bungee and Mini Golf Learn
more about Palisades Tahoe Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA
94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external)
Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media
Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title
of San Francisco
Title: Alumni Benefits | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/alumni/alumni-benefits#main-content 
 Alumni Benefits | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply (Menu
Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students
Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change
Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's
University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San
Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board
of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create
Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree
Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research
Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate &
Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San
Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of
Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid
Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet
Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate
Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of
Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research
Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching
Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought
& the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms
Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts &
Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment
Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career
Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events Alumni Benefits Home Alumni Benefits On This page
Becoming part of the USF Alumni Network Double Dons Scholarship University Services Tax Preparation for International
Alumni Provident Credit Union Palisades Tahoe Whether you are interested in visiting the Career Services Center,
Gleeson Library, or the Koret Center, USF is happy to provide alumni special access to the university's services.
and as long as you keep your address updated, you will receive the USF Magazine and information about upcoming events.
Center, Gleeson Library, or the Koret Center, USF is happy to provide alumni special access to the university's
services. Koret Center Career Services Athletics Gleeson Library Tax Preparation for International Alumni Glacier Tax
Prep is a tax return preparation software program designed primarily for nonresident alien alumni, students, scholars,
trainees, researchers, and other educational immigration statuses to prepare their U.S. federal income tax forms. Get
Tax Help Provident Credit Union USFs Alumni Association has partnered with Provident Credit Union to provide our alumni
with access to special financial products that are better than a bank's. As a graduate of USF, enjoy lower rates on
auto and home loans and earn higher interest on savings. Provident Credit Union Palisades Tahoe Save on Summer
Adventures Get the lowest rate on Aerial Tram tickets, Bike Rentals, Kids Adventure Camp and more when you book with
your Partner Discount. Partner Discounts Aerial Tram Tickets | Save 30% Bike Rentals | Save 15% On 4-Hour and Full Day
Rentals Kids Adventure Camp | Save 13% Summer Adventure Package | Save 10% Includes Tram, Bungee and Mini Golf Learn
more about Palisades Tahoe Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA
94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external)
Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media
Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title
of San Francisco
Title: Alumni & Visitors - Alumni & Visitors - Gleeson Library at University of San Francisco
 url: https://guides.usfca.edu/alumni-visitors 
 Alumni & Visitors - Alumni & Visitors - Gleeson Library at University of San Francisco Skip to Main Content Toggle
navigation My Library Accounts Giving Search This Site Search Find Materials Databases Journal Finder Encyclopedias &
Reference Books Videos Statistics & Data Start Your Search FusionLink is external Ignacio Library CatalogLink is
external Using the Library Access & Borrowing Access & Privileges Borrow & Renew Document Delivery Interlibrary Loan
Course Reserves Connect to Online Resources Spaces & Technology Study Areas & Rooms Building Directory Copy, Print,
Scan Computers Systems Status Research Help Research Help Ask A Librarian Research Guides Subject Specialists Citing
Sources Teaching Support Instruction Course Reserves Setup Recommend a Purchase Copyright Information Open Access &
Open Education Digital Publishing Digital Publishing Services Transformative Agreements Collections Notable Collections
USF Scholarship RepositoryLink is external Special Collections & University Archives Digital Collections Government
Information USF Seed Library Zine Library About Our Collections Collection Development Policy Collection Development
Diversity Statement Harmful Language Statement Digital Bookplates About About Gleeson Library Hours & Location Gleeson
Gleanings BlogLink is external Events, Displays, Exhibits Our Values & Initiatives Staff Directory Employment Give to
the LibraryLink is external Other USF Libraries Zief Law LibraryLink is external My Library Accounts Giving Search This
Site Search this GuideSearch Gleeson LibraryGleeson LibraryGet StartedAlumni & VisitorsAlumni & Visitors Alumni &
Visitors Alumni & Visitors Toggle menu visibility Alumni & VisitorsOverviewSpecial Library Cards (Alumni &
Visitors)VisitorsSpecial Building Access & Borrowing PoliciesRecent USF Graduates Alumni & Visitors Library Record
Login The University of San Francisco is a private, Catholic Jesuit Institution. The primary role of the Gleeson
Library | Geschke Center is to further the mission of USF by providing services and resources to our Students, Faculty
and Staff. Special Library Cards (Alumni & Visitors) USF Alumni and Visitors unaffiliated with USF may purchase a
Special Library Card with Building Access and/or Borrowing Privileges. Payment for both Alumni and Visitors is done in
person at Gleeson Library by credit card only. Building access does not guarantee use of all Library services and
resources. The Library building is reserved for current USF students, staff, and faculty from after 8 PM and before 8
AM. See also: Alumni Borrowing Card Offer for recent USF graduates. Building Access/Borrowing Card Fees 1 Year 6 Months
3 Months 1 Month Alumni Building Access Only $20.00 Alumni Building Access & Borrowing $50.00 Visitor Building Access
Only $400.00 $300.00 $200.00 $100.00 Visitor Building Access & Borrowing $500.00 $400.00 Categories of visitors
entitled to a Special Building Access card at no cost include the following: Category Type of Card President's
Ambassadors Building Access / Borrowing Board of Trustees members Building Access / Borrowing Clergy and Religious of
the Archdiocese of San Francisco Building Access / Borrowing Faculty from Association of Jesuit Colleges and
Universities (AJCU) Passport program (ID from home institution required) Building Access / Borrowing Spouse and
Children of USF Faculty and Staff (ID required) Building Access Only Students and Faculty from Catholic High Schools in
San Francisco (ID Required): Immaculate Conception Academy (on 24th Street) Mercy High School (on 19th Avenue) Riordan
High School (on Phelan Avenue) Sacred Heart Cathedral Preparatory (on Ellis Street) St. Ignatius College Preparatory
(on 37th Avenue) Schools of the Sacred Heart (on Broadway) Day Pass Visitors Access to the Library building is
available to individuals affiliated and not affiliated with USF seeking to use Federal Depository documents, requesting
access to the Thacher Gallery, and/or pre-arranged authorization from a library department (Office of the Dean, Access
Services, Electronic Resources & Systems, Instruction & Outreach, Metadata & Collection Management, Reference &
Research Services, Special Collections & University Archives). Special Building Access / Borrowing Policies The Library
calls your attention to the following policies regarding the application for and use of the Special library cards. If
you need further assistance, please call (415) 422-2660 or ask at the Library Help Desk. Alumni and Visitors seeking
Special Building Access / Borrowing Privileges should apply in person, paying all applicable fees paid in full before
all other times is restricted to current USF students, staff and faculty. The library's hours change throughout the
year based on the academic calendar. Special library card holders with borrowing privileges may only borrow materials
that are physically located in the Gleeson Library | Geschke Center building. Interlibrary loan materials are not
included in borrowing privileges. Special library cards are not for use at any other locations such as the Law Library,
and/or the library Atrium. Fines and Charges for Books and Videos Category Fines Overdue Books / Videos $0.50 / day
Overdue Recalled Books / Videos $1 / day Special library card holders may not borrow laptops and/or materials on
Reserve. The special library card is intended for use solely by the person whose name appears on the card. Privileges
are valid through the expiration date set from date of purchase. Special library cards are the property of USF and must
be presented upon request by library staff and can be confiscated at any time. Cards are renewed at the discretion of
the Library. The Library reserves the right to revoke Building Access / Borrowing privileges of individuals in any
Borrowing Policies are subject to change at any time without notice. Recent USF Graduates Gleeson Library offers a FREE
Gleeson Alumni Special Borrower card to individuals that graduated from USF within the last 12 months. Please enjoy a
year of building access with borrowing privileges as you set out into the world to further the mission of USF. Alumni
Borrowing Card Offer Qualifying alumni should apply for this offer in person at the library. (Please note that student
library privileges are active through the end of the inter-session following the semester graduated; for our very
recent graduates, we recommend waiting to apply for this offer until after your student library privileges have
expired.) After processing the application at the library, the OneCard office will issue the Gleeson Alumni Special
Borrower card. The card will be valid for one year, after which you will be welcome to renew at the standard Gleeson
Alumni Special Borrower rate. The Gleeson Alumni Card is valid only at Gleeson Library and borrowing is only for
Gleeson Library materials. Databases may only be accessed from within the Library. Special alumni/guest login
credentials must be obtained from the Library Help Desk to access databases. Last Updated: Aug 26, 2024 4:48 PM URL:
https://library.usfca.edu/alumni-visitors Print Page Staff Login University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton StreetSan
Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow Us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) Twitter (link
is external) YouTube (link is external) Contact Ask A Librarian Systems Status Report A Problem Get Started Students
Faculty Alumni & Visitors Library Staff Staff Resources Staff Guides LibApps Login USFCA.EDU APPLY VISIT MYUSF Consumer
Title: Koret Health & Recreation Center | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/koret 
 Koret Health & Recreation Center | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search:
Apply (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link)
Students Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents
for Change Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San
Francisco's University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus
Downtown San Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President &
Leadership Board of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics
Learn to Create Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs
Dual Degree Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support
Undergraduate Research Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions
Advising Graduate & Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates
Executive Education The San Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of
Arts & Sciences School of Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries
Admission & Aid Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates &
Deadlines Meet Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources
International Graduate Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price
Calculator Types of Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty &
Student Research Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies
Center for Teaching Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for
Catholic Social Thought & the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good
Innovation Labs Star Route Farms Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City
The Campus Experience Arts & Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student
Activities Student Employment Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing
Dining on Campus Career Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events Koret Health & Recreation
Center Home Life at USF The Campus Experience Koret Health & Recreation Center Break a sweat. Get your feet wet. Join a
The pool reopened on Friday, 8/30 at 6am Please check the Pool Lane Schedule before your next visit. Building Updates
ActiveNet Register for activities and purchase membership packages. Register Get Moving Explore Our Facilities Find
everything available to USF students, faculty, staff, alumni, and neighbors. Facilities Take a Group Exercise Class See
the classes and view the class schedule. Group Exercise Take a Swim Come swim in our 50-meter by 25-yard pool and take
a look at the lane schedule. Aquatics Find a Trainer Private and small group training is available at discounted rates.
Find a Trainer Come Play Join our multitude of sports, activities, and outdoor adventures. Sports & Student Activities
Drop-In Sports No need to sign up, just show up on the court. See the Schedule Building Hours & Access USF students,
faculty, and staff must be fully vaccinated and use USF Mobile ID or valid USF ID card to enter the Koret Center. We
are unable to look up USF individuals with our check-in system The Department of Recreational Sports wants to insure
that our events are accessible for all persons. Please contact us at (415) 422-6821 to request reasonable
accommodations. Koret Health & Recreation Center Main Campus KHRC@usfca.edu (415) 422-6821 2130 Fulton St.(Entrance at
Friday, April 1, 2022 the indoor face covering policy at the Koret Health and Recreation Center transitioned from
'required' to 'highly encouraged.' Face coverings continue to be required in other campus buildings. The Koret Health
encourage a layering approach to protecting the community including the following practices: wash your hands often (for
hand sanitizer often, including from the stands located throughout campus. COVID Updates & Resources Find Us Online
Instagram (link is external) X (link is external) Facebook (link is external) Site Footer University of San Francisco
Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA 94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link
is external) LinkedIn (link is external) Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us
Directory Careers at USF News & Media Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps &
Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title IX Apply Visit Give to USF myUSF Consumer Information Privacy Statement Web
Title: Alumni Benefits | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/alumni/alumni-benefits#chapter-12866-Tax-Preparation-for-International-Alumni 
 Alumni Benefits | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply (Menu
Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students
Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change
Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's
University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San
Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board
of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create
Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree
Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research
Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate &
Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San
Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of
Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid
Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet
Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate
Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of
Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research
Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching
Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought
& the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms
Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts &
Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment
Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career
Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events Alumni Benefits Home Alumni Benefits On This page
Becoming part of the USF Alumni Network Double Dons Scholarship University Services Tax Preparation for International
Alumni Provident Credit Union Palisades Tahoe Whether you are interested in visiting the Career Services Center,
Gleeson Library, or the Koret Center, USF is happy to provide alumni special access to the university's services.
and as long as you keep your address updated, you will receive the USF Magazine and information about upcoming events.
Center, Gleeson Library, or the Koret Center, USF is happy to provide alumni special access to the university's
services. Koret Center Career Services Athletics Gleeson Library Tax Preparation for International Alumni Glacier Tax
Prep is a tax return preparation software program designed primarily for nonresident alien alumni, students, scholars,
trainees, researchers, and other educational immigration statuses to prepare their U.S. federal income tax forms. Get
Tax Help Provident Credit Union USFs Alumni Association has partnered with Provident Credit Union to provide our alumni
with access to special financial products that are better than a bank's. As a graduate of USF, enjoy lower rates on
auto and home loans and earn higher interest on savings. Provident Credit Union Palisades Tahoe Save on Summer
Adventures Get the lowest rate on Aerial Tram tickets, Bike Rentals, Kids Adventure Camp and more when you book with
your Partner Discount. Partner Discounts Aerial Tram Tickets | Save 30% Bike Rentals | Save 15% On 4-Hour and Full Day
Rentals Kids Adventure Camp | Save 13% Summer Adventure Package | Save 10% Includes Tram, Bungee and Mini Golf Learn
more about Palisades Tahoe Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA
94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external)
Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media
Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title
of San Francisco
Title: Alumni Benefits | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/alumni/alumni-benefits#chapter-12872-University-Services 
 Alumni Benefits | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply (Menu
Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students
Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change
Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's
University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San
Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board
of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create
Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree
Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research
Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate &
Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San
Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of
Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid
Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet
Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate
Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of
Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research
Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching
Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought
& the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms
Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts &
Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment
Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career
Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events Alumni Benefits Home Alumni Benefits On This page
Becoming part of the USF Alumni Network Double Dons Scholarship University Services Tax Preparation for International
Alumni Provident Credit Union Palisades Tahoe Whether you are interested in visiting the Career Services Center,
Gleeson Library, or the Koret Center, USF is happy to provide alumni special access to the university's services.
and as long as you keep your address updated, you will receive the USF Magazine and information about upcoming events.
Center, Gleeson Library, or the Koret Center, USF is happy to provide alumni special access to the university's
services. Koret Center Career Services Athletics Gleeson Library Tax Preparation for International Alumni Glacier Tax
Prep is a tax return preparation software program designed primarily for nonresident alien alumni, students, scholars,
trainees, researchers, and other educational immigration statuses to prepare their U.S. federal income tax forms. Get
Tax Help Provident Credit Union USFs Alumni Association has partnered with Provident Credit Union to provide our alumni
with access to special financial products that are better than a bank's. As a graduate of USF, enjoy lower rates on
auto and home loans and earn higher interest on savings. Provident Credit Union Palisades Tahoe Save on Summer
Adventures Get the lowest rate on Aerial Tram tickets, Bike Rentals, Kids Adventure Camp and more when you book with
your Partner Discount. Partner Discounts Aerial Tram Tickets | Save 30% Bike Rentals | Save 15% On 4-Hour and Full Day
Rentals Kids Adventure Camp | Save 13% Summer Adventure Package | Save 10% Includes Tram, Bungee and Mini Golf Learn
more about Palisades Tahoe Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA
94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external)
Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media
Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title
of San Francisco
Title: Alumni Benefits | University of San Francisco
 url: https://www.usfca.edu/alumni/alumni-benefits#chapter-35112-Palisades-Tahoe 
 Alumni Benefits | University of San Francisco Skip to Content Menu Search Enter a Search Term Search: Apply (Menu
Link) (Menu Link) Undergraduate Graduate Visit Athletics Alumni Giving Info for (Menu Link) (Menu Link) Students
Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Who We Are Reinventing Education Our Mission & Values Our Jesuit Roots Agents for Change
Standing For Diversity Working for Social Justice Creating New Solutions Beyond Carbon Neutral San Francisco's
University Our History What's a Don? Global USF Global Research Our Location San Francisco Main Campus Downtown San
Francisco Orange County Sacramento Fast Facts California License Examination Passage Rates President & Leadership Board
of Trustees Leadership Team Administration Office of the President Provost Office USF News Academics Learn to Create
Impact Community-Engaged Learning Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Dual Degree
Programs Professional Certificates The Undergraduate Experience Core Curriculum Academic Support Undergraduate Research
Study Abroad Honors College Black Achievement Success and Engagement Pre-Health Professions Advising Graduate &
Professional Experience The Graduate Experience Graduate Research Professional Certificates Executive Education The San
Francisco Connection City as Classroom Iconic Internships Schools & Colleges College of Arts & Sciences School of
Education School of Law School of Management School of Nursing & Health Professions Libraries Admission & Aid
Undergraduate Admission First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Why USF? Dates & Deadlines Meet
Your Admission Team Admission Events Graduate Admission Graduate Info Sessions Student Resources International Graduate
Financial Aid & Cost Undergrad Financial Aid Graduate Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Net Price Calculator Types of
Aid Visit USF Virtual Tour Visitor's Guide Value of a USF Education Faculty & Research Faculty & Student Research
Research Centers & Institutes Ann Getty Institute of Art & Design Center for Asia Pacific Studies Center for Teaching
Excellence CRASE Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice The Joan & Ralph Lane Center for Catholic Social Thought
& the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good Innovation Labs Star Route Farms
Our Faculty Grants and Awards Life at USF Activism & Engagement The Heart of the City The Campus Experience Arts &
Culture Athletics Campus Safety Health & Wellness Recreation & Club Sports Student Activities Student Employment
Student Support University Ministry Beyond the Hilltop Housing & Dining Student Housing Dining on Campus Career
Planning & Preparation Alumni Resources For Employers News Events Alumni Benefits Home Alumni Benefits On This page
Becoming part of the USF Alumni Network Double Dons Scholarship University Services Tax Preparation for International
Alumni Provident Credit Union Palisades Tahoe Whether you are interested in visiting the Career Services Center,
Gleeson Library, or the Koret Center, USF is happy to provide alumni special access to the university's services.
and as long as you keep your address updated, you will receive the USF Magazine and information about upcoming events.
Center, Gleeson Library, or the Koret Center, USF is happy to provide alumni special access to the university's
services. Koret Center Career Services Athletics Gleeson Library Tax Preparation for International Alumni Glacier Tax
Prep is a tax return preparation software program designed primarily for nonresident alien alumni, students, scholars,
trainees, researchers, and other educational immigration statuses to prepare their U.S. federal income tax forms. Get
Tax Help Provident Credit Union USFs Alumni Association has partnered with Provident Credit Union to provide our alumni
with access to special financial products that are better than a bank's. As a graduate of USF, enjoy lower rates on
auto and home loans and earn higher interest on savings. Provident Credit Union Palisades Tahoe Save on Summer
Adventures Get the lowest rate on Aerial Tram tickets, Bike Rentals, Kids Adventure Camp and more when you book with
your Partner Discount. Partner Discounts Aerial Tram Tickets | Save 30% Bike Rentals | Save 15% On 4-Hour and Full Day
Rentals Kids Adventure Camp | Save 13% Summer Adventure Package | Save 10% Includes Tram, Bungee and Mini Golf Learn
more about Palisades Tahoe Site Footer University of San Francisco Logo 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco, CA
94117-1080415-422-5555 Follow us Facebook (link is external) Instagram (link is external) LinkedIn (link is external)
Twitter (link is external) YouTube (link is external) Connect Contact Us Directory Careers at USF News & Media
Academics Academic Calendar Course Catalog Bookstore Library Campus Maps & Directions Virtual Tour Campus Safety Title
of San Francisco
Title: Taxes | myUSF
 url: https://myusf.usfca.edu/isss/taxes 
 Taxes | myUSF Skip to main content Mobile Menu Academics Toggle submenu Academic Calendar Bookstore Canvas CASA Dean's
Honor Roll Catalog Graduation Apply for Graduation Library Printing Registration Class Schedule & Final Exams Student
Records Transcripts Study Abroad Student Services Toggle submenu Billing & Tuition Tuition & Fees View & Pay Career
Services Financial Aid Outside Scholarships International Student & Scholar Services Learning, Writing, & Speaking
Centers One Card Privacy Information for Students (FERPA) Public Safety Student Conduct, Rights & Responsibilities
Student Disability Services Student Employment Health & Wellness Toggle submenu Counseling & Psychological Services
Health Promotion Services Immunization Insurance Koret Health & Recreation Center Title IX Campus Life Toggle submenu
Athletics Campus Map Cultural Centers Dining Events Calendar Housing Off Campus Housing Room & Board Rates Orientation
ROTC Student Leadership & Engagement University Ministry Offices Toggle submenu Accounting & Business Services Business
& Finance Events Management Facilities Management General Counsel Human Resources ITS Marketing Communications
President Provost Purchasing Strategic Enrollment Management Student Life All Offices Schools & Centers Toggle submenu
Schools Arts & Sciences Education Law Management Nursing & Health Professions Centers Center for Research, Artistic, &
Scholarly Excellence Center for Teaching Excellence Institute for Nonviolence and Social Justice Joan and Ralph Lane
Center for Catholic Social Thought & the Ignatian Tradition Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service & the Common Good
McGrath Institute for Jesuit Catholic Education Include USFCA.EDU Log In Taxes All international students and visiting
scholars who were physically present in the U.S. in F, J, M or Q status in 2023 are required by the U.S. Internal
Revenue Service (IRS) to complete and submit certain U.S. tax forms, even if they did not earn any money in the U.S.
during 2023. U.S. tax forms from individuals must be submitted by April 15, 2024. If you did not earn any money in 2023
and are not claiming a tax refund, then you need to file your tax form by June 2024. Are you a Resident or Non-Resident
for Tax Purposes? First, the first step to filing your taxes is to determine if you are a resident or non-resident for
tax purposes. If you have been in the US for less than 5 years, you are probably a non-resident. However, if you are
not sure, you can take the Substantial Presence Test to be sure. Non-Resident: Most international students are
non-residents for tax purposes. Non-residents do not need to pay certain taxes, such a Medicare and Social Security,
but they are also not eligible for certain tax credits. Non-residents should use the software provided below.
Residents: If you are a resident for the tax because you have been in the U.S for an extended period of time,
(typically 5 or more years) then you cannot use the ISSS provided tax software below. You can, however, use another
online tax software or consult a tax professional, all at your own expense. Sprintax Tax Software To assist
non-residents in complying with your U.S. tax filing requirements, USF is offering a FREE online tax preparation
software called Sprintax. This software can help you file Federal and State Taxes, as well as ITIN Applications. If you
did not earn any income you should still use Sprintax to complete and file the IRS form 8843. If you did have income
and are filing a tax return, Sprintax will help you complete the IRS tax forms 1040-NR/1040-NR-EZ and the state tax
forms if needed. ISSS will provide you free access to the Federal tax filing software, but if you need to file state
taxes or for an ITIN, there will be an additional cost. Access Sprintax via your MyISSS Account: 1. Log into the MyISSS
portal. 2. View the tax announcement on the first tab and follow the directions. 3. Note: Sprintax can only be accessed
through MyISSS for you to receive the discount. When you click the link it will take you to the USF Sprintax site. If
you have questions about your taxes contact Sprintax advisors through the live online chat when you log in, or by email
at hello@sprintax.com. IMPORTANT NOTE: ISSS staff are not certified tax advisors and cannot help you fill out your tax
forms. We can, however, direct you to the resources you need to comply with your U.S. tax filing requirements. Tax
Workshops We offer tax workshops help you understand your U.S. tax filing requirements for non-residents, as well as to
provide you with information and instructions about: Taxable scholarships U.S. tax treaties Social Security Number
(SSN) and Individual Tax Identification Number (ITIN) application procedures Using the USF purchased tax software,
Sprintax The ISSS office will offer a tax workshop on Tuesday, March 26 from 11:30 a.m. - 12:45 p.m. Registration for
the workshop can be found on our appointment/workshop booking website. In addition to the ISSS workshop, you can also
attend a Sprintax webinar, which will cover: an overview of tax for nonresident students and scholars, who must file a
US tax return, what income forms students/scholars may receive, forms that need to be completed and sent to the IRS,
stimulus payments. Sprintax Webinars: You can view the Sprintax live webinar schedule and register here. Sprintax also
offers an extensive video library for nonresident filing their taxes here. Filing Your Taxes In the U.S. there are two
different types of income taxes: Federal Taxes: All F1 and J1 students need to report their income, even if they had
none, to the U.S. Federal Government. Some students will also have to file state taxes. State Taxes: You may need to
file California State taxes if you made more than a certain amount, or if you wish to claim a refund on any California
State Tax that was withheld from your income. *If you have income in another state, other than California, you will
need to follow the tax procedures set by that state. Tax Forms: Before you file, wait to receive all of your tax forms.
Depending on your employment or scholarship status, you may receive one or more of the following forms: W-2: Issued by
your employer at the end of January. 1099-MISC: Issued by paying agency/employer by end of January if you performed
work as an independent contractor. 1042-S: Issued by USF or employer for your tax treaty benefit for Federal tax filing
purposes. Issued mid to late March. If you are expecting a 1042-S from USF, make sure you complete your Sprintax
Calculus account and indicate that you would like this form issued electronically. 592-B: Issued by
USF/Employer/Scholarship agency for CA State taxes and tax treaty benefit withholding information. Issued mid to late
March. 1098-T: Tuition information only for American citizens and those filing as resident aliens. This tax benefit is
not applicable to non-residents and not issued to international students. 1095: Proof of insurance issued by your
health insurance company, keep this for your records. MENU ISSS Main Menu ISSS Home About ISSS New Students Current F1
Student Services Current J-1 Student Services International Student Employment Scholars Living and Travel Travel and
Reentry Taxes Drivers License Social Security Financial Wellness Safety and Scams Other Visas Programs & Involvement
Departments & Faculty International Student Support Workshops USFCA Mobile Library Directions Feedback Title IX Privacy
Statement Web Accessibility
